---
title: '2000'
position: 23
year: 2000
---

Hello Nick. Well, we finally made it home last Saturday. We sure did enjoy our time with you in Rhodes. I learned a lot about your Island as well as having the opportunity of seeing many interesting sites and meeting some very nice people. You are a very good host and I would recommend you to others. You can use this as a testimonial if you wish. We liked your WEB page and sent it on to others to share. Our farm was fine and all the animals survived well.<br>
When we come back to Rhodes we will get with you again. You were a highlight on our trip.<br>
We will stay in touch and when you come to the USA (South Carolina) come see us and stay with us. We will show you around.<br>
Bruce & Pat Radenbaugh<br>
Daisy Crossing Farm, South Carolina USA

GREETINGS FROM CHICAGO, WHEN I RETURNED FROM THE TRIP. I WANT TO TELL YOU HOW MUCH WE ENJOYED THE TOUR. WE MET SOMEONE WHO TOURED US IN EPHESUS WHO KNOWS YOU. I HOPE YOU WILL GENERATE A LOT OF BUISNESS WITH YOUR WEB SITE. DAN AND I WILL RECOMMEND YOU TO PEOPLE WE KNOW WHO WILL BE IN RHODES. HAVE A WONDERFULL HOLIDAY SEASON.<br>
LEE Chicago USA

Dear Nick: Thanks for your greeting. We had a great trip. We would have really enjoyed more time in beautiful Rhodes. Will be checking for our foto. Our warm regards to Michael. Hope you will have a good -off season - remember the R ships will still be coming!!!<br>
Best- Virginia USA

Hello From Colorado. Yes, I DO recommend Nicholas. He is a wonderful person to work with in advance through e-mail and he and his brother Michael both speak very good English. We couldn't have asked for more! Michael was our driver. We were four persons traveling together and made ALL our tours reservations in advance of leaving last April. We were on R-1 from Istanbul to Athens. Nick and Michael are VERY flexible and will work around whatever you want. Enjoy your trip!<br>
Renee Latty USA

Dear Nicholas, Yes, it's sad to say but we are back home now. I can't believe how fast our vacation went by. We met wonderful people and learned so much history during our 15 day cruise. Thank you so much for setting up our drivers for the nine people we had in our group. We had a great time with Themis. What a beautiful island you live on!<br>
Thank you for showing us the sites. We will never forget this vacation!<br>
Best Regards, Kim Ontario Canada

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for the outstanding tour. We enjoyed our stay at Rhodes.<br>
Our vacation was excellent! You will probably see us again some day.<br>
Sincerely, John and Margo CA USA

Dear Nick, Vasilis was a wonderful driver..we liked him very much. Your island is beautiful and we will ask for a recommendation of a great place to stay!!<br>
Thanks, Robin and Herman Texas USA

Hi, Nick! Thanks for the tour! We had a great time in Rhodes. Both Michaels were very knowledgable about the area. When I go to an area, I like to know the place. Every place has a story and it's great to learn new things about different places. We found both Michaels very interesting, friendly and fun. Also, very flexible and accommodating. It made the tour that much more enjoyable.<br>
Thank you again for a very enjoyable tour.<br>
Mary-Beth USA

Dear Nick and Mike, We all enjoyed our day with you very much. Tell Mike the pastries were wonderful. If we are in Rhodes again we will make arrangements to see you, and, of course if you are ever here in Florida, please contact us and we will look forward to seeing you. Again, we had a terrific time with you in Rhodes and we hope you and your families are all well. Also, please send our regards to Michael and Vasilis as well.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Joan Licht and the group (Jules, Ida, Irving, Michael, Ray, Janet, Phil, Marcia, Ian) USA

Thanks, I just got back. Manuel was excellent. Thank-you. I will definitely recommend your tour.<br>
Regard Pasquale De F.<br>
Principal Consultant-ESI International

Dominic was most pleasand and we had a great time with him in Rhodes Town and in Lindos. He made our trip very enjoyable. The rest of our journey was also pleasant, although we could have skipped Santorini. We loved Istanbul. Both my husband and I look forward to revisiting Rhodes, Istanbul and Athens. When we do we will certainly contqact you and I will add my name to those who have previously recommended you.<br>
Sincerely, Natalie Sidney AU

Thank you for your thoughtful greeting, Nickolas. Michael provided us with a very nice, personal tour of Rhodes, especially the quaint village (forgot the name) we stopped at on our way to Lindos. We will recommend your services to our friends and family.<br>
Lila USA

Thank you for arranging our tour with George. He was great, so personable and friendly! He also gave us a great deal of information. I would highly recommend him to anyone who needs a tour in Rhodes. This was our favorite island in many ways. Sincerely, Kathy USA

Nick. Just wanted to let you know what a great time we had with Michael as our driver. We thoroughly enjoyed our day with him. He is very knowledgeable and has a wonderful sense of humor. He was also very brave to spend the day with four women, and most gracious in answering our endless questions!!! We had a wonderful trip and Michael definitely played a part in that! I have posted a message on the Ren message board and will highly recommend him and your service. Thanks again.<br>
Best regards, Judy USA

It was a pleasant surprise to hear from you. I use the internet a lot and it never fails to amaze me how small our world is becoming with this new technology. We had a great time in your country and particularly enjoyed the islands. The beach @ Lindos was probably the high point of my own experience as you might imagine. We will come back again some day and next time bring our children along.<br>
We found Greece to be a very special place most especially the islands not just because of the scenery but also the very friendly people like yourself that welcomed us there. Take care and write again soon.<br>
Mike Toronto Canada

Thank you for the wonderful tour of Rhodes on June 18! We all enjoyed your tour and you very much! We have given your e-mail address to Burak in Istanbul so he can refer people to you. He is an excellent guide. We told him what a great private tour we had with you and he wanted your address because he often has customers who ask him for tours in Rhodes. Maybe you can help each other. Thank you for showing us your lovely island. We hope to come again some day.<br>
Darlene Canada

Thank you not only for the wonderful tour of Rhodes last week, but also for sending us the information from your web site. We shall mention you by name in our correspondence with Renaissance, and we shall urge others to contact you. Thank you again for a wonderful day.<br>
Sincerely, Alice Canada

Dear Nicholas, Yassas, We indeed had a wonderful time on our tour with Michael. He is a very nice, well informed and accomodating driver. His concern for my sore ankle was much appreciated, as he drove me to where I could see the acropolis in Lindos while the others walked to the top. While we were there, we enjoyed good conversation and a cup of coffee. I cannot fully express my pleasure with your services. Efcharisto.<br>
Best regards, Donna and Greg USA

Hi Nick: We had a great time on our cruise, and the ride with you was one of our highlights.<br>
I will look at your web site as soon as we finish unpacking, and get staightened out. I am looking forward to seeing it.<br>
Will write again soon. Lets hear from you too. Take care, Florence Denver USA

Dear Nicholas, Please pardon the delay in our telling you how much we enjoyed our tour of Rhodes which you provided so professionally. On returning from the cruise, Shirley and I left immediately for three weeks in Tennessee (700 miles south). We just returned.<br>
We particularly enjoyed your cheerful agreement to our changes of itinerary. It was so nice to be able to see all the sights from the comfort of your car. We thoroughly appreciated riding down those narrow streets instead of stumbling over the cobblestones. We also enjoyed the opportunities to get out and make pictures whenever we wished.<br>
What a treat to stop at the road side cafe on the way back from Lindos, taste some native foods, learn the proper names and get the recipe!<br>
It was so kind of you to take Ron, who couldn't walk, back to the ship and then take us back to Old Town along with giving directions to get back to the ship. In short, the tour you gave us could not have been better.<br>
Thank you again,<br>
Jim and Shirley FL USA

Nicholas, thank you for sending us your web-site address. I have already bookmarked it and will pass it on to friends who may be visiting in the furure. We had a great time in Rhodes and hope to be back sometime in the future. It is a beautiful place and we feel lucky that you took us on our tour. Thanks again and regards from everyone. Say hello to George.<br>
Al Esquivel New Mexico USA

Excellent trip thanks to the inside knowledge of our driver friend. Rhodes was one of the best parts of the trip<br>
Thanks, Marv and Mary USA

I have just viewed your web site. It looks wonderful! I am traveling with a group of 20 and I believe most, if not all, of us will be touring with you. I heard about you from one of your passengers - Znr123.<br>
I am looking forward to having you show me your island on July 25. will notify you how many cars we will need in June.<br>
Thank you, Barbara USA

Dear Nick: We returned to the USA last Thursday to a snow storm. Thank you so much for showing the four of us your lovely island! We were the two couples fro the Renaissance Cruse (I was the lady with the "boot" on one leg).<br>
We have friends taking the same cruise later this year and I will give them your name etc. They are nice folks from California and I know they will enjoy the tour. Thanks again!<br>
Sincerely, Sandi Morgan-J. USA
