---
year: 2001
---
Hello Nicholas, You did a great job with your web site and the pictures. We enjoyed our tour very much and had a wonderful time on Rhodes! WE may send some friend to you, but we don't have all their details jet.<br>
Thanks, Gina & Gerhard USA

Thanks so much for the lovely tour. I am sure that we will be back to Rhodes for an extended stay and will call upon you again.<br>
We were very, very pleased with the tour we had in Kusadasi. Joseph was wonderful, and it was a pleasure to go through Ephesus at our own pace. He was great with the children, too. The van was roomy and comfortable. Joseph even stopped for us to taste lamb souvlaki at a roadside shop for a "taste of Turkey". I'm sure no one else on our ship had a better time.<br>
Warm wishes for continued success,<br>
Marcie and Bill Canada

The drivers were outstanding -- the service you offer in Rhodes was my favorite part of the cruise to Greece. You are lucky to live on such a lovely island, and have such great associates drivers<br>
Thanks again. Jane USA

Thank you very much for your greetings. We had a good, but unfortunately too short, journey in Rhodes. I and my family enjoyed the trip to Lindos on May 11th and we are satisfied for your service and your attention.<br>
Regards from Cordoba, Argentina<br>
Nestor and family

Dear Nicholas, We had an absolutely wonderful trip, thanks in large part to your services. Our day in Rhodes was delightful, we saw everything we wanted to see and more. I would highly, highly recommend you to enyone traveling that area. Thank you for everything<br>
Eileen and Bill Canada

Nicholas; Our day in Rhodes was marvelous. Michael was an excellent driver. We saw more of Rhodes than anyone else on the ship. Michael was waiting for us as we got off the ship and took great care of us for the rest of the day. Please do not hesitate to use me as a reference.<br>
Regards Bill Canada

Hello, The trip home was long and tiring. But the trip was fantastic. I think ourday with you was certainly one of the highlights. Most of the rest of thetrip was fairly organized so we didn't have as much of an opportunity to explore as we did with you. Rome was unbelievable, we could have spent a week there. We will definitely look you up on our return to Greece.<br>
Thanks again. Dave USA

Dear Nicholas & Michael!! We had the best time in Rhodes--because of your service & Michael--we fell in love with him!!! We will tell everyone about your services & will be back next June. God willing!<br>
Please keep in touch.<br>
Marti & Brooke USA

We had a wonderful time. The service provided was first rate. You have a beautiful Island. We will be happy to recommend you to all.<br>
Thanks again and regards from everyone<br>
Say hello to Manuel, Donna S. USA

Hi Nicholas! My husband, my mother and I truly enjoyed ALL of our time touring with Dominic on the lovely island of Rodos. He gave us such an interesting and friendly tour. My husband who is from an agricultural area of Central California (growing peaches, grapes, almonds) was very interested in the olive trees and the grape vineyards and Dominic told us...and showed us all about it! Hank was thrilled to hug a 800-year old olive tree! Please say hello and thanks to Dominic from us.<br>
Of all our Greek tours on the various Islands and in Athens area, yours was the VERY BEST because of your friendliness, attention to details, and your quick response to questions on the internet. Our only regret is that we had such a short time to spend on what is now our FAVORITE island. We must return soon. Thanks to you and your whole group for making this a very special day for us. Continued success!<br>
Yours truly,<br>
Charlotte, Hank and Dottie, California USA

Dear Nicholas , Thank you for your good wishes. We did have a most enjoyable time in Rhodes thanks to your service. All the very best in the future.<br>
Alan UK

Dear Nick, We had a wonderful trip and enjoyed Rhodes the most -- in part because of your services. George, our taxi driver in Athens, said he knows you and that you two often refer customers to each other.<br>
Best wishes, Suzanne and Harwood USA

Hi Nick, We really want to thank you for the great day we had with you in Rhodes it was really enjoyable. I have been giving your email address to many people who will be visiting Greece in the coming months. I think word of mouth is better for you and many of your past clients say very nice things about you & your other drivers so I am sure you will stay busy with the cruise ships passengers.<br>
Take care & again thank you.<br>
Warmest regards<br>
Claudia Freeman USA

Hello, Yes, we made it home fine. I wanted to tell you how much we enjoyed our driver Dominic. He was excellent........we enjoyed our stops for pictures at the highlights, and the drive to the other side of the island. Unfortunely, it rained while there, but it was a great day.<br>
Thanks again, hope that you have a good and profitable tourist season.<br>
We would recommend you any time.<br>
SARA USA

Nickolas, Just a short note to let you know that our driver Manuel was very good and we enjoyed his tour.<br>
We enjoyed meeting you and would recommend you to anyone who would like a reference.<br>
Thanks again<br>
Mike and Lenore UK

Hello, We just got back from our vacation in Greece and wanted to let you know how much we enjoyed our tour of Rhodes. We never would have been able to see so much of Rhodes without your tour. We would highly recommend your services to anyone visiting Rhodes.<br>
Lisa and Ryan Arizona, U.S.A.