---
title: '2002'
position: 22
year: 2002
---

Thank you for the New Year Greeting, it was great to hear from all of you. Please give Michael our regards. I am still giving out your name for referrals!<br>
Happy New Year to all<br>
Anne Wieder<br>
annewieder@bellsouth.net

Hope everything is well with you and your family and that you are still painting. Wanted to thank you again for the wonderful job you did in showing Nancy and me Rhodes when we were there the last week in October. You did a great job.<br>
If anyone ever asks you for a reference do not hesitate to give them my email address. I will let them know what a great ambassador you are for your country and what a super job you do in showing folks your island. I really would like to see some of your art work. If you have any saved as files send them to me so I can see it.<br>
Please stay in touch and let me know how you are doing.<br>
Bob<br>
bobhart@coe.uga.edu

Hi Nicholas: We have been home for 2 weeks.I cannot believe how busy we are and how much has been accomplished in this time.<br>
You are in my journal and gradually, as time permits we will enter this data plus additional details into the computer. I wish you could see how the table cloth that we found in Lindos looks as though it had been designed for the room. With your knowledge and efficiency our shortened time on Rhodes did not leave us frustrated.<br>
Warm regards. Angie<br>
angie@larrydarling.com

Nicholas, Again, Manuel's services were greatly appreciated. I thank you kindly for allowing him to be our driver during our stay in Rhodes. I wish he could be my permanent driver and just follow me around the world! Thanks again, I will certainly continue to do business with you in the future and recommend you to visitors to Rhodes.<br>
Have A Great Day, Lisa<br>
LLISAMCA@aol.com

Hello Nicholas, Thanks for the nice tour of Rhodes. Yes, the rest of our vacation was fantastic and our journey home was safe. We were very pleased with your drive services and would highly recommend your services to others visiting the lovely island of Rhodes. Thanks for making our visit there so much more convenient and informative.<br>
All the best... Randy & Wanda<br>
rhodes@chesapeake.net

Nicholas, I just wanted to take the opportunity to thank you for your services while we were in Rhodes. We're back in Cairo now, but had such a wonderful time there, that we are starting to plan for another vacation to Rhodes.<br>
My wife commented how she enjoyed your friendly and fun attitude, and I agree. My kids still talk about their donkey ride to the top of lindos Acropolis - a great recommendation. I will definitely pass your email address on to our friends here who are planning trips to Rhodes.<br>
Please also pass our regards on to your brother, and we hope to see you again someday.<br>
Warmest Regards<br>
Vince, Michele, Karina, and Meredith<br>
vincent@koprivas.com