---
year: 2005
---
Hi Nick, I wanted to let you know that we really enjoyed the tour, it was the highlight of our trip. Rhodes is a beautiful island and I think all of us hope to come back again someday. We will definitely recommend your service to anyone we know who is heading to Rhodes. Thanks again and have a great day!<br>
Laurie Hildebrand<br>
Associate<br>
Macleod Dixon LLP<br>
laurie.hildebrand@macleoddixon.com

Dear Nicholas, You certainly made our stay in Rhodes interesting and FUN!!! We really feel as though we know you as a friend. We look forward to seeing you again, and perhaps staying on the island for a little beach holiday. The island is beautiful. I will, of course, let you know if I have any clients who will be coming to Rhodes.<br>
Thank you for everything, and I agree, let's stay in touch.<br>
Fondly, Karen<br>
Travel Potentials<br>
karen@travelpotentials.com

Hi Nick, I just wanted to let you know that we all loved our tour with your brother Michael yesterday. I will be highly recommending your service on the internet, in my office, and to my clients. It was a wonderful day. Please give my thanks to Michael.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Carol Dyck<br>
Accredited Cruise Counsellor Expedia CruiseShipCenters.<br>
cdyck@cruiseshipcenters.com

Dear Nicholas,<br>
Just wanting to thank you and your very competent drivers for the service you provided to my group in Rhodes. We had a great time!<br>
Arlina Onglao<br>
Journeys of Faith, Inc.<br>
Quezon City, Philippines<br>
Tel No: (632) 929-0144 / (632) 929-0155<br>
Email: joinjourneys@gmail.com

Nick,<br>
First and foremost thank you for the wonderful 1/2 day tour of Rhodes. From beginning to end, you made sure that we did not miss a thing. We are eternally grateful for that. Your insight and patience was well appreciated. We also appreciated you going out of your way to get us some delicious "baklava" and "galaktoboureko". Rhodes was one of the highlights of our cruise trip, all thanks to you. We hope to visit again soon. If we do, know that you will be the first person we call. I will certainly recommend you to all of my friends.<br>
Thanks again.<br>
Torres Family (U.S.A.)<br>
omarusmc@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas!<br>
Yes, we LOVED our tour with you. You & your brother did a fantastic job.<br>
I hit a home run with all the drivers, and the guides I booked with on the entire trip!!! Everyone was very pleased and we had such fun with each one.<br>
Thanks again for making our day in Rhodes such fun!<br>
Lynn<br>
JNLROSE@aol.com

Nicholas, I want to thank you and your wonderful associate driver, Mike, for the wonderful 1/2 day tour of your lovely island. He picked us up at our ship and showed us a once in a lifetime view of Rhodes and surrounding area. When I return, I will certainly call upon you again and will recommend that all friends utilize your taxi services.<br>
Thanks again and have a grand Fall.<br>
Jean H. Fountain<br>
Fairhope, AL, USA<br>
jeanfountain@bellsouth.net

Hello, Your service was excellent. Our driver, Manuel, made our day in Rhodes interesting, fun and Informative. I will certainly recommend your service to anyone visiting Rhodes. Joye Montgomery<br>
montgomery102@comcast.net

Thank you Nicholas! We had a very enjoyable trip, spending the last week in Spain. Really like those tapas & wine!! Just got home last night. We thoroughly enjoyed the trip with you & will certainly recommend your name to anyone heading your way. Thanks again for being a part of our journey. Terri<br>
conn100@comcast.net

Nicholas: We had a very nice time in Rhodes. Manuel was an excellent driver - we thoroughly enjoyed his expertise and his personality. I would recommend him to anyone I know that will be visiting Rhodes.<br>
Thank you. Jim McNeice<br>
jmcneice@comcast.net

Hello, Thank you so much for the service you provided for my husband and myself while we were in your beautiful country. The short time we spent there we learned so much of your history due to your expertise. I will definitely recommend your services to anyone traveling to Rhodes.<br>
Thank you, Terri Milligan<br>
tmilligan666@hotmail.com

Nick, We just wanted to pass along a big thanks to you for the wonderful day you provided when Lisa, Ken, Marion and I were on Rhodes. We all treasure the sights you selected for the trip and the service you provided. I did pass along your hello to your Egyptian associate Rasha when we saw her a few days later in Cairo.<br>
We wish you lots of luck and success in your business.<br>
Denny Beroiz<br>
bajadenny@yahoo.com

Nicholas: Thank you. We all had a wonderful time on your tour & I will definitely recommend you & Michael to anyone who will be visiting Rhodes.<br>
It is absolutely beautiful!<br>
Thank you again, Linda<br>
Linda@altedge.com

We have now arrived back in Australia and would like to thank you for your excellent attention during our trip to Rhodes.<br>
We will try to put a note on the internet to that effect.<br>
Regards Lis Macfarlane<br>
lis.macfarlane@gmail.com

Hi Michael, We would like to send a special thank you to you and your brother Nicholas. We have had a great day out with you today. We saw so much with you that we probably would not have seen if we didn't do this tour with you. Mihalis my husband was born in Greece and has commented on how much knowledge you know of the island. We would recommend this tour to all our family back home in Australia. Thank you for taking us to where we wanted to go. Don't think any other tour would have done this much for us. Again thank you for a very very nice and relaxed day.<br>
Yasou from Antonetta, Mihalis, Nicholas and Marcus. (Sept 4th)<br>
mantonakiou@hotmail.com

Bonjour, nous sommes bien rentrés chez nous.<br>
Nous avons apprécié notre sejour dans votre belle île et votre chauffeur a été parfait: il nous a bien expliqué tout ce que voyions et malgré les ambarras de circulation à cause des files dans les stations essence nous a bien conduit en temps et en heure partout où nous devions et voulions aller. Il a su nous faire apprécier de très beaux endroits.<br>
Nous recommanderons vos services à d'autres personnes sans problème.<br>
Peut être à une prochaine fois<br>
Martine FONTAINE<br>
martinedewert@hotmail.com

Hi Nick; To say we had an awesome time is a under statement. Thank you so much for all of your time and knowledge. We are talking about coming back to Rhodes again next year for a couple of days. Your island is beautiful and we want to explore it more. We also want to spend some time at St Paul's Bay. The restaurant that you took us to was wonderful, and swimming right there after we ate was a treat. You were wonderful. We look forward to seeing you again.<br>
Thank you once again<br>
Lisa & Steve Terrinoni<br>
lst561@hotmail.com

Hello Nicholas,<br>
This is a late email from us to let you know who much we appreciate our tour of the Island of Rhodes. It's wonderful to look at our pictures and all the good memories.<br>
Beth Smith for Paul, Mike and Wendy Hryniw<br>
pbsmith2@mts.net

Hello, We all enjoyed Rhodes, it will be among our favorites to visit if we are ever so lucky to return to the Greek Isles. Our driver Manuel was wonderful and we had lunch at a very nice place, it was all perfect. Booking anything through the internet is always a risk but in this case we were fortunate indeed to use your taxi service. I was so impressed with all the olive tree's and there beautiful silvery leaves and how our driver has had his tree's in his family for years, that I hope to grow my own olive tree. Not a grove of them but at least try to have one on my patio in Florida.<br>
Thank you once again,<br>
Sonya Bridges<br>
bridgessonya@hotmail.com

Hello to you and please say hello to Michael too !<br>
We had a wonderful tour with Michael and will recommend you to our travel agent and friends. Rhodos is a beautiful island and we hope to return one day. Our best and thanks for a great time in Rhodos.<br>
Thanks, Bobette and Byron Siegel<br>
BSSMSW@aol.com

Hello Nicholas<br>
We have just got back to New Zealand yesterday and had a wonderful trip. One of the highlight was of course our day in Rhodes with you - and thank you for taking us to Lindos and the restaurant - that too was a great choice.<br>
My brother and his wife will be going on an identical cruise in September and I have passed your information on to them. We shall certainly hope to return to Rhodes again and use your services again.<br>
All the best<br>
Kind regards,<br>
Robyn & Alec Watling<br>
watling@clear.net.nz

Back home now, I would like to congratulate you for the wonderful service. My friends and I had a great time in Rhodes toured by Michael! (June 9th)<br>
Sincerely, Luciana Cardoso<br>
lcardoso70@yahoo.com.br

Hi Nicholas, What a great trip and one of the highlights was definitely our tour of Rhodes. You brought your beautiful island to life for us and our tour was truly a five star experience. Your thoughtfulness and knowledge and sense of fun and adventure gave us a memory we will not soon forget. We would urge anyone coming to Rhodes to make their first call to you to book a tour.<br>
Thank you again Nicholas.<br>
Peggy Klos<br>
Toronto, Canada<br>
peggyklos@sympatico.ca

We are safely home and our pictures remind us of the beautiful journey in your country. We will certainly make use of your services again, as well as inform our friends of the excellence of your services.<br>
Best regards, Mike<br>
mikevitiello@hotmail.com

Thanks, Nicholas. We very much enjoyed our trip to Rhodes and you were a large part of it. In fact, it was one of our favorite stops on the cruise. The rest of the trip went very well. My boss and her sister are going to Greece in November/December. I am not sure if she is going to Rhodes but if so, she will know who to call!<br>
Take care.<br>
Tammy<br>
tstringer@carolina.rr.com

Thank you Nick. Everything was wonderful and Rhodes was one of our better days. The driver was most kind and even helped my grandson find a special kind of rechargeable battery for his camera.<br>
Nancy Hamlin<br>
n2hhamlin@frontiernet.net

My group of 3 persons spent a day & a half in Rhodes June 7 & 8, 2010. Nicholas, provided us with our transfer from the airport to the hotel. He was very polite & personable. He delivered us as close as he could to our hotel in Old Town & helped us carry our bags. He was wonderful! The next day we went on the full day tour of Rhodes. Nicholas was very knowledgeable and patient, never rushing us as we were sightseeing. He also took us to a nice restaurant for lunch!! He was the best tour driver I have ever dealt with!!! I highly recommmend touring with Nicholas. We had only one full day in Rhodes and he made sure we saw the best of it!!! After the tour he dropped us off at the port. Nicholas, Thank you for such a wonderful experience in Rhodes!<br>
Keep up the good work!<br>
Kia Edwards, Georgia USA<br>
rnangel38@yahoo.com

Hi Nicholas. Just a brief note to thank you, and specially Michael, for the excellent service we had in our tour, with his knowledge. We really enjoy it, and will recommend you. Not everybody is willing to take an individual tour, and prefer the cruise tours, but for those willing to do it, this one really works.<br>
Regards<br>
Pedro Perez<br>
pperezn88@yahoo.com

Hi Nicholas, We both enjoyed our trip to Rhodes. We would love to return for a longer stay although at this stage I don't know when that may be. We both have been telling our friends that the private excursion is the way to go. It is more relaxing and can be modified if there is something one wants to do or doesn't want to do.<br>
All the best,<br>
Jon Johnson<br>
Calgary, Canada<br>
jcjperfins@hotmail.com

Nicholas, We are home safe and thoroughly enjoyed our time with George while in Rhodes. The restaurant was wonderful and we had such a good time! We will certainly pass your name on to relatives and friends should anyone wish to visit beautiful Greece.<br>
My best,<br>
Lewis Duncan<br>
wheasy@verizon.net

Hi. Our trip was great. We loved Rhodes and Lindos, so beautiful!! Hope we can see you again.<br>
I will keep your info and recommend you.<br>
Charon goldman charongoldman@rogers.com

HOLA NICHOLAS !!!<br>
LLEGAMOS AYER A BUENOS AIRES ARGENTINA Y YA ESTAMOS EXTRAÑANDO LA BELLEZA DE SUS ISLAS.<br>
QUEREMOS AGRADECERTE EL PASEO POR TU LINDA RODAS (CREO LA MAS BONITA QUE VISITAMOS), POR TUS INFORMACIONES Y CALIDAD DE ATENCION.<br>
SON RECOMENDABLES SUS TOURS PRIVADOS PARA TODOS AQUELLOS QUE QUIERAN VISITAR RODAS Y CONTAR CON UN EXCELENTE SERVICIO EN PRECIO, CALIDAD, FORMALIDAD Y MUY BUENA ONDA. (INCLUSO LE PASARE TUS DATOS A MI AGENCIA DE VIAJES LOCAL)<br>
TE MANDAMOS MUCHOS SALUDOS Y OJALA PODAMOS ENCONTRARNOS EN OTRA OPORTUNIDAD<br>
GRACIAS POR TODO. UN BESO<br>
MIRTA GONZALEZ<br>
mirtaagonzalez@gmail.com

Querido Nicholas,<br>
Nós ficamos muito satisfeitos com seu pronto atendimento na inesquecível Iha de Rodes.<br>
Com certeza a mais bonita da Grecia. Adoramos nosso passeio pela Ilha vendo as maravilhas da encantadora Rodes. Agradecemos muito seu atendimento personalizado e todo a nossa estadia em Rodes pois, nos deixou saudades.<br>
Já estou indicando você aos meus conhecidos e com certeza todos que me pedirem informações será :<br>
Esplendido!!! Maravilhoso estar com Nicholas e seus companheiros.<br>
Nosso abraço e nosso carinho.<br>
Luciana David e família<br>
Varginha- Minas Gerais- Brasil<br>
Visitamos Rodes de 11 a 13 de abril 2010<br>
led13@uol.com.br

Nick, I've been telling everyone that Rhodes was probably the prettiest stop on our cruise, and we enjoyed it a lot.<br>
Thanks again! (April 11th)<br>
Susan<br>
susankperez@yahoo.com

Hola, me alegro de tu saludo, debo decir que recordare siempre Rodas, no sólo por su bello entorno, sino también por la hospitalidad de su gente: VOSOTROS<br>
Espero volver pronto (24 de marzo, España)<br>
luz<br>
luz.bello@telefonica.net

Hello Nick: Michael and I just wanted to thank you for an amazing tour of Rhodes. We decided it was our favorite spot in Greece and your tour to both sides of the Island, the wine region and historic sights made our visit very special. We especially enjoyed our wine tasting at the small, family wineries and at the general wine tasting facility in the wine area. It provided such a great opportunity to taste a variety of interesting and good local wines. As we mentioned, we have friends coming to the area in middle June and we will definitely recommend your services. I'm not sure what their plans are but we will certainly encourage them to use your firm. The professionalism of your firm was greatly appreciated, especially your prompt and complete replies to our emails as we began planning our trip.<br>
Again, our thanks.<br>
Warm regards,<br>
Bobbie and Michael<br>
metzgerb@earthlink.netHonest. Reliable. Knowledgeable. Trustworthy. These are just a few of the words I can use to express my feelings towards Nick and his very professional team. We arrived to Rhodes during an extremely busy period with over 7,000 people traveling to the island. Despite this chaos, Nick and his team showed us and our guests a fantastic and highly enjoyable time. We toured the island, leisurely and Nick never missed a photo opportunity or chance to share an extra special tid-bit of information regarding the island. He made sure we maximized our time in all of the "right" places and his recommendations for restaurants were BEYOND perfect. I commend Nick for a job well done and thank him personally for going above and beyond any expectation that I had of a "city tour". Thanks again, Nick!!!!<br>
Sincerely, Faaizah Al-Quaid<br>
(Dubai, UAE) faaizah.al-quaid@spcorp.com

Nicholas - Thank you so much for a fabulous day! We especially LOVED our swim at Lindos followed by the delicious Rodos wine! I have a terrific picture of you that I will forward when I get a chance to upload it. Thanks again for a terrific trip! Best regards, Penny (and Doug, David and Corinne) ALTOUR Penny Johnson penny.johnson@altour.com

Hello, We just wanted to drop a short note to you to thank you and Michael once again for the fabulous tour of Rhodes! We all had a great time and appreciated all of the wonderful sights you showed us. We would definitely recommend both of you to any of our friends traveling to Rhodes! Wishing you both the best!<br>
Amanda Flangas amandaflangas@sbcglobal.net

Nickolas<br>
We have just returned from our big adventure and I must say you made part of it very nice. We so enjoyed spending the day with you on Rhodes. It was one of our best ports of the cruise. It was nice to visit the restaurant where the owners wife was from the states. What a nice man he was to sit with us and talk about home. Thank you for all the information you provided and I will definitely recommend you to my friends and family. Thanks again<br>
Claudia & John Wehrly claudia0030@comcast.net

My wife and I just wanted to say thank you for the wonderful tour we had with Michael on September 21 2006. The professionalism of your services and thoroughness of showing us around Rhodes was exceptional. Michael was very knowledgeable and made us feel very relaxed in allowing us to taylor the tour to just what we wanted to see. The valley of the butterflies was a once in a life time trip. Michael also gave us some great tips on Greek food<br>
It was the best way to start off our introduction of Rhodes. Efharisto! Again, Thank you.<br>
Dave and Marie Snavely<br>
Ohio, USA snave92950@centurytel.net

Hello: We are back at home and busy as ever... but we had the most wonderful time in Rhodes. You and your brother did so much to make our trip fun and easy... From meeting us at the airport to our tour on Wednesday. You knowledge of the country and your personal experiences helped make it a great day and we saw so much we would never have been able to see on our own. All I can say is that it was like visiting family and friends instead of just being tourist in Greece.We would love to go back and visit again...So thank you so much. You have a wonderful Island and you are great people!<br>
Michele Akers<br>
Credit Manager REsource Capital<br>
makers@resourcecapital.com

Hi Nick, it took us a while to adjust to the time change and real life again. We enjoyed Rhodes very much and you and Michael did a great job. We need to try and remember all the history and my photos (which came out great). Take care and enjoy being Mr. Mom during the off season.<br>
Marjorie RicksChacor@aol.com

Hello to you, Nickolas and Michael,<br>
Yes, we had a wonderful, wonderful vacation. We will always remember you two and your kindness and thoughtfulness. We had the best time "touring" with you. You showed us so many wonderful places and things that we would never have done on our own and we learned so much about Rhodes from you.We loved Rhodes. It was one of our favorite places. We will always remember the beautiful countryside, the blue sea, the smell of the air. We hope you are both well, that the twins are doing well and that your families are well. Thank you again for showing us such a fabulous time. We miss you and Greece.<br>
Fondly Penny psbleha@charter.net

Hi Nicholas, We loved Rhodes and Michael did a wonderful job driving and showing us around the wonderful sites of ancient Rhodes, as well as Lindos. The drive to Lindos was lovely and Michael was very helpful. We certainly recommend your services to anyone going to Rhodes. We also loved the little restaurant he took us to on the beach at Lindos. It was so relaxing to look at the beautiful water and to walk on the beach.<br>
Thank you. Best wishes, Nancy and Greg M., Atlanta/Marietta, GA<br>
NMoor@aol.com

Dear Nickolas: We had a wonderful vacation in Greece. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to Rhodes, and your service was the reason why the trip was so memorable. As we told you previously, my family thought that you were the best driver that we have ever had. We have been on a number of private day trips in Greece, as well as in other parts of the world, and your service stand out from all the others. Your knowledge of the island, and its geography was extensive, and you were able to convey all this information in an exciting way. You were accommodating to our schedule and our interests and we want to thank you for a memorable trip. We will highly recommend you to our friends and family when they visit Rhodes.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Linda and James Koo<br>
lsberm@optonline.net

Nicholas, We are home in the United States having had a wonderful vacation and cruise.<br>
Want to thank you for having Michael (Karavasilis) act as our driver. He was courteous, provided us with a lot of information, had wonderful conversation and was dedicated to satisfying all of our needs. He made the day very special for all of us. Thank you for providing all of the arrangements for us. I have given your card to my travel agent along with a personal recommendation and the hope that in the future she may refer you to some of her clients.<br>
Wishing you and your family good fortune in the years ahead.<br>
Carole Safenowitz Safenowitz@aol.com

Hi Nick: We had a great time touring your beautiful island with your brother Michael and George. Thank you for your excellent service for our sightseeing. I will gladly recommend you to my friends. Regrads Venki Raman<br>
President<br>
Protium Energy Technologies<br>
venki.raman@protiumenergy.com

Hello Nicholas: Thanks again for making our day in Rhodes so special. It was really a highlight of our trip. You really helped us appreciate both the city and beauty of the island of Rhodes and we look forward to coming back!<br>
All the best, Sue Hanley sue@susanhanley.com

I wanted to take this opportunity to thank you with great sincerity for our wonderful tour of your beautiful country, with our terrific driver Dominique! He was a warm and gracious host, delightful to be with and showed us everything in an organized fashion while imparting much knowledge. We are looking forward to coming back and visiting Rhodes in the future and hope to spend much more time. We will certainly call you when we do! In the meanwhile I will be sure to tell anyone who is planning to visit Rhodes about your wonderful service. Please send our regards to Dominique and once again thank you. I hope you enjoy the picture we are sending to you.......<br>
With Warmest Regards,<br>
Rachelle Metzger<br>
Rockycrl@aol.com

Dear Nicholas, We've been back only 3 days and I keep thinking how wonderful our visit to Rhodes was and how I miss it. You did a great job showing us around your beautiful country. Besides the historical sites and beautiful views, we also enjoyed seeing a part of the country's daily life .Can't wait to go back and spend more time. I'll be in touch and thanks again.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Lisa lcapella@optonline.net

Hi Nick we just got in last night, after 5 weeks in Europe. Michael was a great driver and we really enjoyed the special restaurant we had lunch at! The food was outstanding. Rhodes is beautiful, one of our favorite islands. We will certainly refer your services to our friends! The David's and the Ulterinos<br>
mcd24@tampabay.rr.com

Hi Nicholas, I just wanted to let you know what a great time we had with you in Rhodes. Not only did we love the island, we thought you were one of the highlights! You gave us a diferent view of Rhodes, plus you took great care of our little sister Robyn and her aching back!<br>
We plan to visit Rhodes again and hope to see you again! Thanks again for a great time and we would highly recommend you and your service to anyone visiting the island!<br>
Have a great summer,<br>
Lisa DiegoGator@aol.com

Thank you! We had a great time in Rhodes. Manuel was wonderful driver. We will use you again next year. Best Regards.<br>
Rhonda Lege' Scott<br>
Director, International New Business Development<br>
Global Customer Development<br>
Email: rlegescott@na.ko.com

Hello,<br>
We have only been home for one full day, but I wanted to write and thank you and Michael for making our day in Rhodes wonderful. The special service was wonderful and made Rhodes the highlight of our trip. Thank you so much for such a relaxed and romantic tour of Rhodes.<br>
Warmly,<br>
Paula and Paul<br>
Kingston, MA USA<br>
p.mcdonough6@verizon.net

Thank you for your thoughtful note - we enjoyed our tour & will recommend your services to others!<br>
Sincerely, Peggy<br>
alewis6088@aol.com

Michael: What good luck for us that you were at dockside .We was able to engage your services and have a fantastic tour of Rhodes. Your took us to all the places we wished to see from historic sites to modern beach resorts. The flower shop stop was great since then we had fresh flowers for the rest of our cruise. We can recommend you with enthusiasm to anyone who wants an enjoyable and memorable tour of Rhodes. Thanks.<br>
Victoria Gorman, Sally and Jack Lynch of New Jersey<br>
Jrsgl@aol.com

Hello Nickolas,<br>
We had a marvelous time inGreece!<br>
We enjoyed our time on Rhodes very much- our only regret was that we didn't have more time. Michael was very good - knowledgeable, courteous and good company.<br>
If any of my friends are interested in your service I would not hesitate to recommend you.<br>
Patricia<br>
pkovacs@rogers.com

Dear Michael & Nick,<br>
You made Rhodes the high point of our trip and we liked the island the best. We loved the country and the people and will definitely recommend you to our friends. If you provide us with your mailing address, we will send you a copy of the photo we took of Michael.<br>
Best regards<br>
Ron and Joyce Bayer<br>
LOML4JUICE@aol.com

Thank you so much for the wonderful memories. I will certainly refer others to you.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Regina<br>
ranchodc@aol.com

Nickolas, The four of us enjoyed our day on Rhodes and appreciate your follow-up. We certainly would not hesitate to recommend your services.<br>
Ross Prujan<br>
rlprujan@cox.net

Hello to you, Nickolas and Michael,<br>
Yes, we had a wonderful, wonderful vacation. We will always remember you two and your kindness and thoughtfulness. We had the best time "touring" with you. You showed us so many wonderful places and things that we would never have done on our own and we learned so much about Rhodes from you.We loved Rhodes. It was one of our favorite places. We will always remember the beautiful countryside, the blue sea, the smell of the air. We hope you are both well, that the twins are doing well and that your families are well. Thank you again for showing us such a fabulous time. We miss you and Greece.<br>
Fondly<br>
Penny<br>
psbleha@charter.net

Thank you for services in Rhodes. We are home now and we enjoyed our visit to Rhodes. Michael was an excellent driver and good company.<br>
Thank you for everything<br>
Jacqueline Roberts<br>
Professor Emeritus McMaster University<br>
robertsj@mcmaster.caNickolas. We have been back from our trip for about a week, and I have been meaning to write to you. John and I wanted to thank you for the wonderful day you gave us on your beautiful island of Rhodes. We thoroughly enjoyed the touring, and we had such fun with you. Your enthusiasm and love for Rhodes comes through, and you are an exceptionally informative driver. I especially appreciate your kindness to me, taking me in my wheelchair to the theater site. One of the special things we will remember is our delicious lunch at the little restaurant in Lindos town. A Greek salad, fried calamari and retsina overlooking the blue water is just about perfection! Thanks again, Nicholas. I will be posting your information on a couple of websites so that others can contact you for a wonderful day on Rhodes.<br>
Priscilla<br>
pkdavenport@sbcglobal.net

Thanks so much! We enjoyed your tour very much.<br>
Larry<br>
lzirkle@brightok.net

Just returned home this week. Thank you for a most enjoyable tour of Rhodes. We will be very happy to recommend you to our friends. Regards<br>
Helga and Peter<br>
heggles2@optusnet.com.au

Dear Nick, my sis and I thoroughly enjoyed our tour through Rhodes in September. We reserved your tour by email prior to our arrival. You were so great in helping us see and hear the beauty of your island. I learned much from you and our tour remains the highlight of a 2 week trip. Your services are truly NOT over-rated in the letters sent to Matt Barrett's website by other travelers! You even took us to a bank with the best exchange rates!! My grandmother was born on Crete and my grandfather on Malta... so the historical sites about the Knights of St. John was fascinating to me. And the olive trees, resting at the cafe by the bay... will all hold a special place in memories of Rhodes and the beautiful Greek Isles. We found Greece to be, without exception, a place of friendly, easy-going, and very handsome people. In a land filled with clean streets, fabulous food and a sea which is truly blessed with beauty by the gods. Thank you, thank you, thank you. May God bless you and your family.<br>
Elaine J. Giamona, RPM McCoy Real Estate & Property Management<br>
egiamona@re4u.net

Gentlemen, Thank you for the kind words. We had a wonderful time and will be sure to recommend your services if we have friends in the area.<br>
Kindest Regards, Joe & Merle<br>
joeruf@comcast.net

Thank you, Nick. We had a wonderful trip and everyone especially enjoyed the tour of Rhodes. All the drivers were terrific and very knowledgeable. I'll keep you in mind for people traveling to Rhodes Thank you again, Marlene and Sotiris<br>
caracalas@caltel.com

Dear Nicholas, Our day in Rhodes was a highlight of our trip, thanks to Michael P. and your magnificent island. I was dreaming all day long of coming back for an extended stay. Rhodes is an island we will definitely return to for a vacation! Michael was a great guy and a great driver, so professional. Even though we were only in Rhodes for one day, he made our trip seem leisurely and fun! My husband and I spend several hours at Lindos Beach, most of the time eating lunch and drinking wine at the restaurant, which was outstanding!<br>
Thank you so much and please thank Michael for us again. We would recommend Rhodes Tours and Michael P. to any of our friends planning a trip to Rhodes. Please add our comments to your website.<br>
Regards, Sally Moskowitz Bethesda, Maryland sally503@aol.com

We thoroughly enjoyed our tour with Manuel, and will reccommend your services for anyone desiring a private tour of Rhodes.<br>
Cordially, Charles<br>
consolvoc@att.net

You were terrific. I will recommend you to our friends . Your flexibility served all our needs.<br>
Kind regards, Jim Friel<br>
tripster1@adelphia.net

Nick and I would like to thank you once again for the wonderful private tour you gave us on June 25th. We had so much fun and truly enjoyed your company. Rhodes was one of our favorite islands. If we ever make it back to Greece, we would make it a point to visit Mykonos and Rhodes. And we would definately use you again. Thank you very much!!!<br>
Bridget McFall Moore<br>
getit@netease.net

I am sorry to respond so late after our trip. We so enjoyed spending the day with Michael on May 30. We learned so much. The next 2 days in Rhodes we had a rental car and enjoyed the rest of the island ( or least much of it). After Rhodes we went to Santorini and then back to Athens for 3 days in the Pelopennesus with George the taxi driver. (actually we had Niko, a friend of his). We then went to Hydra and then back to Athens and then home.<br>
A very nice trip to Greece for us. We need to come back soon. Again thanks and wish Michael good luck with his upcoming new family (twins??)<br>
Mark, Sharyn, Kaplan and Matt<br>
markschneider2@comcast.net

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for your email message. We did arrive home safely and had a great trip. We really enjoyed meeting you and appreciate your good tour. We will definitely be in touch on our next trip and will refer our friends.<br>
Regards, Carol<br>
JOECBJAX@BELLSOUTH.NET

Nickolas, We just returned home from our trip and had a wonderful time. We especially enjoyed our day with you in Rhodes. It was so nice to get off of the ship and see you waiting with the Mercedes. It was such an advantage to get to Old Town before the crowds and we really loved Lindos You made our day very special and were so knowledgeable about the island. We plan to return soon and appreciate all your help. We will contact you when we return to Greece and thank you again for an unforgettable day on what turned out to be our favorite island! Please feel free to use us as a reference.<br>
We would be pleased to recommend you to anyone, Angie<br>
adpcamp@yahoo.com

Hi Nick. Thank you very much. We had a wonderful tour of Rhodes. Michael was terrific<br>
lhanford@irr.com

Dear Nicholas, You were the best driver! We absolutely loved Rhodes, and it may have been the favorite stop. Gary tells everyone about the small restaurant overlooking the beautiful water which you showed us - away from the buses of tourists. From the moment you picked us up, it was great. Thank you so very much and we will certainly recommend you others.<br>
Our best to you and your family, and hopefully, we'll see you again one day soon.<br>
Sincerely, Pat & Gary<br>
mackenpg@yahoo.com

Hi Nicholas, I already told you that we had a great time - but just wanted to let you know that Gary is still "on the beach sipping his Mythos" . . . mentally. He absolutely loved it there and is telling everyone he knows about the yacht idea. You might get some calls. Bought a couple cookbooks on Greek food. Having fun with the recipes. Also, enjoyed you very much. So, if you and your family would ever like to visit California, please let us know.<br>
Thanks again for a great time,<br>
Pat & Gary Mackenzie<br>
mackenpg@yahoo.com

Dear Nick and Dominique: I can't believe how smoothly your operation is run. You were there waiting for us as we disembarked and ready to go. We were absolutely delighted with Dominique and had a terrific time. We really appreciated the fact that we/you were able to be so flexibile about our tour, and that Dominique was so knowledgable about the area. The little extras he provided, like the tour through the back streets of old Rhodes, is an experience we won't soon forget and was a wonderful bonus for us. He helped create great memories of Rhodes, and for that I wish to thank you. Yours sincerely,<br>
Diane (19 October 2005)<br>
david.schijns@sympatico.ca

Nick. We would like to thank you for the service you provided us on Rhodes. We enjoyed our day immensely and we would like to point out to you that we were very happy with Georges tour of the island. His rich knowledge of the island and his quiet and informed positioning of his services were well received. We thank both of you for making our day on Rhodes one to remember.<br>
Best regards ... Paul and Freddi<br>
prodier@cips.ca

Hello Nick, It has been a long time since we met & toured Rhodes. Because you were so good and the tour was fantastic, the memories linger on & on & on!! Hope you & your lovely family are all doing well and are in good health.<br>
Irwin, my husband, and I are going to do a cruise in early May from Rome to Barcelona.<br>
By the way I LOST on picking this cruise - I wanted to do the Greek Isles along with Rhodes - Irwin nixed it - but maybe the next time & hopefully soon. Waiting to hear from you Jo-Ann (Rhodes tour 1999 via Renaissance) GIOMARIA@aol.com