---
year: 2007
---
Dear Nick. Thank you so much, we had such a wonderful vacation. We love Greece !!!!!!!! Thank you for making our trip so great. You were the best!! Crete and Santorini were also great. Keep in touch with us! When you come to the USA, call us. We will tell everyone about how great you were and how much fun we had with you. We miss the scenery, the food, our new friends. Thank you again.<br>
Jeri and Walter<br>
drjerit@comcast.net

Hi Michael and Nicholas. Thanks so much for making the trip to Rhodes as good as it could possibly have been. We enjoyed your driving us around the island, stopping at the sites we wanted to visit and showing us things we never would have known about otherwise. We loved the donkey ride at Lindos and the lunch prepared by the sisters, the Three Musketeers, at the church at the top of the Valley of the Butterflies was wonderful. It was also very nice to walk downhill in that lovely valley instead of hiking the distance uphill. We did notice that any temple, fortress, walled city or other important site in Greece is located on the top of the highest, steepest mountain around, so it was nice for once to only have to walk down.<br>
Thank you again and I hope to get back to Rhodes some day. I'll surely call you if I do!<br>
Nina Ward<br>
briarpatchfarms@earthlink.net

Thank you for your wonderful service. We enjoyed our brief visit to Rhodes and Michael's tour certainly made it worthwhile. Of the three taxi tours we took in different areas, yours stands out. We saw our friends yesterday who also took your tour last month, and enjoyed reminiscing about the interesting sites we all saw. Again, thank you. Phyllis, Jerry and Allison Simon New York<br>
PHYLGIZ@aol.com

Thank you so much for a memorable day! Manolis, our driver, was absolutely wonderful and his great, sunny personality made our day. He even did a little Greek dance with me! We will definitely recommend your services to friends - and Manolis in particular!<br>
THANK YOU!<br>
Susanne<br>
susannefield@yahoo.com

Efkaristo !! Dominique was a fantastic driver. Thanks for a very special day. Feel free to use us as a reference anytime! hope to see you in Rodos again sometime.<br>
Lou Grossman<br>
Gpubrel@aol.com

Michael Karavasilis ( I hope I spelled it correctly! ) was truly a wonderful driver. We all enjoyed the restaurant in Lindos, but the guys really enjoyed the scenery!!!!<br>
We still rave about how wonderful the food was!! Please send me the name of the restaurant, so I can include it in my journal.. Micahl really made our trip to your beautiful country very memorable. Give him our regards. We will be watching the games and hope to see his son!! Our best wishes to him in all his endeavours. I will be very glad to recommend your services to anyone on the message boards. Sincerely, Helen Keaton hmkeaton@nettally.com Phil and Val arrive here in Houston from Phila. in a little while and we will be going through our 976 pictures of our cruise. Will forward any that are relevant to you and we all have talked about you in great lengths. We all left the ship saying "what's in Rhodes:?"...well...guess it's Nicholas....YOU made are visit So enjoyable and informative. We had quite a few "private" people.for tours.....and No One came close to our experience with you. !!!! Thank you again for being so NICE and putting up with us.. we enjoyed our day with you immensely. Will send pictures soon..and will be happy to be one of your "references".. ( I don't think you need any more ) Stay in touch Thanks...<br>
Pam<br>
phvette7@aol.com

We enjoyed our time on your beautiful island very much. It was so nice to get off the ship and immediately see our driver standing there waiting for us. When you book things from such a distance, there is always some concern as to whether things will work out, but we found that everyone we dealt with in your beautiful country was extremely prompt and reliable which made our tours so much more enjoyable.<br>
Thank you again!<br>
Nancy Vander Vliet<br>
NanceVV@aol.com

Hi Nick. We all had a great time. Thanks for a spectacular day in Rhodes.<br>
Craig A. Munsart cmunsart@yahoo.com

With only a limited time to spend on the island, George the "American" made sure that we saw all the highlights of Rhodes before our cruise left port. His cheerful, lively personality was a real treat. He was knowledgeable and informative - there wasn't a question he couldn't answer. One of the day's highlights was a delicious and quite inexpensive Greek lunch at a family owned restaurant. He promised the best chicken - kebab we ever tasted and he delivered. After returning to the ship, we compared stories with friends on cruise tours of Rhodes and found, to no surprise, that our experience was far superior, much more personal and certainly less expensive. Thank you for the lovely day and all the best to you and to George from our family, now back in Miami. Rest assured that we will be highly recommending your service to any and all that may visit your lovely island.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Scott, Debbie, Andrew & Katie<br>
miamigator@bellsouth.net

Hello, Nicholas!! I should have emailed you earlier after our return to thank you again for a wonderful tour of Rhodes. My sister and I enjoyed the tour and your service. I have some great photos of the trip, and have been trying to get them in an album, along with my daily journal. It was a wonderful trip all together, and we especially liked Rhodes. I have given your contact information to several other travel agents. I will send business to you whenever I have the opportunity. Private touring is the ONLY way to go!<br>
Thanks again,<br>
Sarah Welch<br>
Classic Cruises and Tours<br>
Rusk, TX, USA<br>
sbwelch@wildblue.net

I just wanted to thank you and Michael (with the purple Mercedes)for the wonderful day we had in Rhodes. He explained everything and took us everywhere and we really enjoyed our day in Rhodes. He is a very special young man.<br>
We were thrilled with our day.<br>
Thanks again,<br>
Gilda Rovan<br>
gilda905@sympatico.ca

Dear Nicholas. I have been trying to catch up at work, but wanted to send you an email to let you know what a wonderful day Jerrie and I had with you. We tell everyone how informative you were and at the same time we had so much fun and felt like we had made a friend. Jerrie goes around telling everyone that it was so bright in Rhodes that she didn't know where her sunglasses were until I told her that they were on her face. I got some wonderful photographs in the Valley of the Butterflies showing large clusters of them on the trees and actually catching a few in flight.<br>
I wrote Matt Barrett a thank you letter letting him know how wonderful you and Dimitris were. One of my favorite stories I have told people was about sitting at lunch on the black beach on Santorini and Dimitris handing me the phone and telling me to say hello to you. He said that he got a booking from our laughing and having a good time on the phone.<br>
When my friends have asked me what was my favorite part of the trip, I tell everyone without any hesitation, it was the wonderful Greek people that we met. Everyone, was so warm and welcoming that we felt at home from the moment we landed on Rhodes until our departure to home from Rhodes on July 9th.<br>
Thank you again for everything.<br>
Naomi Frenkel<br>
ADMIRALOPT@aol.com

Thank you Nicholas. We loved Rhodes and hope to return there again someday.<br>
Wishing you all the best!<br>
Susan<br>
susan116rn@charter.net

We finally got home last night, the trip was wonderful and our tour in Rhodes was a great start to the vacation! We will certainly be recommending your services to our friends who are going to Rhodes next year. Thank you for a spectacular day!<br>
Steve & Rosa<br>
ssutton@adwilliams.com

Hello: Thank you very much for the tour. We loved Rhodes, it was one of the favorite places we visited on our cruise and plan to visit again. We really enjoyed the visit to Lindos. Michael was great showing us the island of Rhodes. Thanks again and hope to see you soon.<br>
Maria Teresa Calvo<br>
arroyoja@prtc.net

Hello Nick. We enjoyed our day in Rhodes with you and would surely recommend you to anyone who asked. Wish we had more time to spend in Rhodes and in most of the places we went on our cruise.<br>
Gail and Ed Bowers<br>
gailbbowers@gmail.com

We all had a fabulous time in Rhoades. We especially were happy to see the old city of Rhoades "up close and personal". You were excellent and knowledgeable about the area. Thank you very much.<br>
Patti Young.<br>
patti@bak.rr.com

Hi Nick. Indeed we thoroughly enjoyed our visit to Rhodes and we owe that in large part to you. We are so pleased that we booked with you and we thank you sincerely for making our visit so special. We will surely recommend you to anyone who is planning a visit to Rhodes!<br>
Valerie and Chris<br>
v@redpuppies.com

We made it home and had a great time. We were sad Athens workers were on strike so we did not see the acropolis but we still liked Athens. Hope the rest of your summer is great. Thanks again! Say hi to Michael.<br>
Jennifer Shaheen Montgomery<br>
jms6j@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas. First, please accept my apology for not thanking you earlier for the surprise wine gift. I have been intending to do so, but was negligent. I have not tried the wine yet, but am looking forward to doing so. I am visting a friend in Houston next month and plan on sharing with her. Alas, the tasty baklava did not survive long enough to share the same fate.<br>
I did very much enjoy the tour. I had never been to Rhodes before, but do hope to return. Give Michael (is that the proper spelling) my regards and thanks! I have more to say, but all good. Another day, but hopefully soon.<br>
I will keep in touch and feel free to use me as a reference.<br>
Best Regards,<br>
bill<br>
zydecocruiser@cox.net

We enjoyed our tour of your beautiful island. It was one of the highlights of our cruise. I will recommend your service to any of my friends who are going to be in Rhodes. Thank you for a memorable day.<br>
Louise<br>
l.colaneri@att.net

Hello, Nicholas. We thoroughly enjoyed our tour with you. You were very informative and accommodating. We hope to visit Greece again and see you. Yes, let's keep in touch!<br>
Thanks,<br>
Pat Walker<br>
pwalker53@sbcglobal.net

We absolutely loved the tour of Rhodes with Dominic. His knowledge of the island was great, and the restaurant he took us to for lunch was one of the highlights. We have given your name to several other folks who are planning similar cruises.<br>
thank you so much<br>
Martin W Dunbar<br>
martin.dunbar@sbcglobal.net

Thank you for making our trip to Rhodes delightful! We had such a great time and enjoyed Lindos and the charming restaurant where you took us. Thank you so much for everything and we will look you up if we get back to Rhodes!<br>
Kelly Halligan<br>
petersk@uthscsa.edu

Nicholas. We were so happy to meet you! Rhodes is beautiful and so are you. We will always remember the small Greek restaurant on the beach with the stunning view of the Acropolis. This was one of the highlights of our all too quick vacation. The next time, we plan to stay for a while.<br>
Carole, Charles, Nathan and Carla<br>
carolepollock@yahoo.com

Dear Nickolas. Thank you for our wonderful tour of Rhodes. We enjoyed all of it, especially our lunch in Lindos. You and Michael showed us a wonderful time and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend your taxi service to all of my friends.<br>
Thanks, Cathy<br>
chwetzig@sbcglobal.net

Hello, It's me -- Patsy -- Sarah Welch's sister. We were glad to get home, as it was a long, tiring trip from Rome to Zurich, then on to Dallas. Was good to sleep in my own bed that night!<br>
I want to express my thanks to you for being such a wonderful host while we were in Rhodes. What a fun time we had with you! You made us laugh with your funny comments. Rhodes is indeed a beautiful place. Too bad we were there for such a short time. We would love to come back some day when we can stay longer and see more. Our travel days are not over, so who knows when we might be back to see you.<br>
I'm sending 3 photos so you won't forget us. We certainly will not forget you and our fun-filled day with you. I know Sarah will be recommending you to her clients who may be coming to Rhodes.<br>
God bless you and your family.<br>
Fondest regards,<br>
Patsy Sudden<br>
psudden@tx.rr.com

We had a great time with Michael. It was a perfect day, thanks again - we will recommend you to our friends.<br>
Pat and Joe Welsh<br>
jwelsh2@adelphia.net

Dear Nick,<br>
Although we've been back in New York for over a month, (we got back on Jan.14th 07) our trip to Greece and our time spent in Rhodes are still very fresh in our minds and conversations. In America, we have an expression that says if your ears are ringing it means someone must be talking about you. Well, if there's any truth to that statement, your ears must be chiming continuously. You were a fabulous driver while we were in Rhodes and I've not only told people about how much you enhanced our visit with your knowledge of Rhodes, but also how you demonstrated superhuman patience while my older daughter was shopping. A colleague of mine has friends who are planning a trip to Greece later this year and I've already told him about both you in Rhodes and Dennis in Athens. I think they'd be crazy not to call you!!! Thank you for sharing your knowledge of Rhodes and making our trip such a memorable one.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Kathy Grossman<br>
kgrossm@optonline.net
