---
title: '2008'
position: 16
year: 2008
---

Thank you Nick!!! My parents had a wonderful trip and loved spending the day with you on Rhodes.....Hope send other travelers your way.Very best to you.<br>
Kiela Hine, President, Convention Connection<br>
kiela@conventionconnection.net

Nicholas - Thank you for your services. We had a wonderful trip. Michael did a wonderful job and was a great host. Please thank him on our behalf. We were captivated by Rhodes, and indeed, all of the islands we visited. You have a beautiful country.Thank you, Bob Simpson<br>
bob@cottagekeepers.biz

Nicholas, Fabulous tour. Thank you so much. I can't tell you how much we enjoyed the day. Your sense of humor, knowledge of the area and fabulous suggestions made for the perfect day. We're nearing the end of our trip and in Venice. We will definitely be back next year. If you need a recommendation, please let me know. Many regards and if you even come to the west coast of Florida, please give me a call. Regards, Kelly Schmidt, Boulder Venture<br>
kelly@boulderventure.net

Nicholas, thank you so very much for an outstanding tour of Rhodes. My friends and I were impressed with your knowledge of the the island and our trip was more memorable because of you. I especially enjoyed the phyllo pastry with honey at the Restaurant; the flavor was exceptional. You were so kind to take us there for lunch. Good luck to you and thanks again for a terrific tour! Judy Garner<br>
jgarner@infionline.net

Hi Nicholas, We wanted to thank you again for taking us on a tour of Rhodes. Rhodes was one of our favorite places, and we saw much more of the island on your tour than we would have with a shore excursion from the cruise line. I appreciated the fact that we were able to stop for pictures in several spots, and we never felt rushed while we explored sites on our own. If I have friends going to Rhodes, I'll be sure to recommend you for a tour! (Nov 20th) Thanks, Rebecca and William<br>
becca.allen@gmail.com

Thank you Nick. I'm still remembering that delicious lunch at Helena's (?). I've been making baked feta often and I'm looking forward to trying your recipe for the grilled feta-sounds fantastic. Thank you again, hopefully we'll meet again. (Nov 19th) Warmly, Paula<br>
paula.falconer@yahoo.com

Nicholas, thank you for making our day in Rhodes so very special. I will be sure to let all my friends know about "Rhodes Private Tours" and your services when they are looking for tours of your beautiful island. (Nov 2nd) Ted Lachman<br>
ted10754@bellsouth.net

Hi Nicholas, We had a wonderful cruise, very relaxing and lots of great sights! Everyone really enjoyed your tour, especially my father. About a half hour into your tour, he told me that he absolutely loved the tour and was so glad I booked it. Thanks for making it a highlight for all of us. Thanks again for a wonderful tour. Best wishes, (Oct 1) Beth<br>
bwilliamson@pacbell.net

We would Rhodes and Michael made it very special to us. I had already told my travel agent how great it was. Your honesty was such a pleasant surprise, we didn't even realize we had been over charged by accident. Again thanks for a wonderful experience. Ann Ledoux<br>
AnnWLedoux@aol.com (Oct 10)

Nicholas. The women in our group still say that Rhodes is where they want to retire. The group really enjoyed the day with you guys, especially the children who had a chance to swim near the restaurant. I am sending you a picture with the twins. I hope that you are and your family are doing well. Take care of yourself and all the best. (July 4th) Lane Cheramie<br>
lcheramie@mobiletel.com

Nicholas. We just wanted to thank you and our drivers, Stamos and Michael, for the excellent job you did yesterday on our tour of your beautiful island. We found Stamos and Michael to be helpful, informative and very pleasant, and would recommend your tour highly to prospective clients. Best wishes, Barry Gold<br>
barrygold@aol.com

Hi Nicholas, Just wanted to tell you what a wonderful time we had with Michael today. Our visit to Rhodes was all that we hoped for. Thank you so much for your service! (Aug 24th) Susan Scalfi and Mark Anderson<br>
suscalfi@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas. I want to thank you for your excellent services in Rhodes. We had a great time and really enjoyed the tour that you provided. On top of all that, you were by far the most conscientious driver we had all vacation. Thanks again and Best Regards, Martin & Julie Thompson<br>
martinjulie@shaw.ca

Hi there! Yes, had a wonderful trip. Thank you again for making such a fun day. Hope we can reciprocate one day for you and your family ..if you make it to Los Angeles! (July 27th) All the best..Claudia and Ron..Will send you pictures!<br>
claudiafr@aol.com

Hello Nicholas,. Your excursion was great and we all enjoyed it very much...it was certainly one of the highlights of our trip. We are still talking about having lunch at that Restaurant and the great food and service both from you and the people at the restaurant. It will be a day we all long remember. I enclosed a picture of that day...you can see from all our expressions that we are certainly enjoying ourselves. It was especially my pleasure to spend the day with you and get to know you. I will be happy to recommend your service to friends planning to visit Rhodes. I send my best to you and thank you again<br>
Paulette paulettemcclinton@msn.com

Nicholas: We were very sorry to leave Greece - and Rhodes was a wonderful stop on our tour. All of us plan to return. Georgio was an incredible driver. We enjoyed his humor and his expertise as a tour driver. We will hopefully be able to meet up again. Thanks for your help, it was much appeciated. Pam Giannini<br>
pgian89950@aol.com

Dear Nicholas, I would like to let you know how much we enjoyed our tour of Rhodes. You were an excellent and informative driver and I will recommend your services to others.<br>
Thanks again,<br>
Regards, Sherry Kathol<br>
ckathol@shaw.ca

Hi Nick, I am a HUGE fan! Feel free to use my name if a prospective client needs a referral. I meant what I said - you have a beautiful Island and your love for it really shows - it was the highlight of our trip and I hope to return in a year or so and to see you again then.<br>
Warmest regards, Cathy Brock<br>
rich_cathybrock@msn.com

Hi Nick, We are doing well, leaving on a cruise of the So. Carib on Sat. Hope all the family is doing well-- love the picture of you & your brother! The background is where we stood & took pictures with you!! Wow what memories- the ride, lunch, the shopping, the highlights... Take care & hope to hear from you soon-- we must stay in touch, maybe will come that way again, hopefully soon.<br>
Fond memories Jo-Ann<br>
GIOMARIA@aol.com

Dear Nicholas:<br>
Our family cannot thank you enough for making our trip to Rhodes absolutely UNFORGETTABLE. Having you for our driver was the only way to tour Rhodes and I am so glad that we did not sign up for a shore excursion. We appreciated your amazing personal and very professional service, the beautiful places you showed us in Rhodes and the great care you took to make sure it was a memorable experience for us. We saw three times as many things as we would have seen on a shore excursion thanks to you so we got a much better value for our money. We also appreciated your amazing attention to details such as when you gave us the luxury of being dropped off at the top of many sites to walk our way to the bottom where you were always waiting with a smile and air-conditioned car. We watched as the tour bus people hiked up long stretches of road to get back to their busses spending most of their time navigating the logistics of being on a tour bus instead of enjoying all that Rhodes has to offer. We definitely plan to see you again and will be recommending you to all of our friends and family! Again, many thanks for an amazing visit in Rhodes !! It would not have been the same without you!!<br>
Cindi Thompson (Rhodes July 14, 2008),<br>
cthompson@sunrisehomebuilders.net

Nicholas<br>
Rhodes was beautiful and our drivers were wonderful. We were amazed by the contrasting landscape and neighborhoods of Rhodes. Your island is certainly a place we would like to visit again. As you may be aware, there was some confusion regarding the fee. As it turned out we had paid to much and we were pleasantly surprised to be informed by the ship's Purser that the over payment had been returned. It is important for future travelers to know that the companies recommended by members of Cruise Critic are honest and forth right. We will certainly recommend your services to our cruise critic friends. In fact, my grandmother is planning a tour of the greek islands for next fall. I have already told her about your company.<br>
Thank you again for sharing Rhodes with us.<br>
The Tomasso Family<br>
Rhode Island<br>
USA<br>
dtomasso2@cox.net

Hi Nicholas. We enjoyed your jokes on the way to sites and learned much about Rhodes. My husband was very pleased that you were so knowledgeable, as were all my friends.<br>
Thanks again Barbara Abel<br>
abel55@comcast.net

Hi Nicholas. Really the best day of our trip was the day in Rhodes and we appreciate you and your driver talents! We will certainly keep your contact info and pass it along to anyone we know coming your way. We are planning to come back, so we will be in touch!<br>
Caroline West<br>
CMWWest@aol.com

Nicholas. We all agreed that you were a wonderful tour driver and made our time in Rhodes special.<br>
Thank you so much. Nancy<br>
nursenancy67@bellsouth.net

Nicholas. Thank you SO much! We had a wonderful time on your tour and really appreciated that personal touch. It was so nice to be able to get more information from you than just the typical stuff. Thank you so much for a wonderful day on your beautiful island!<br>
Jodi Young<br>
jodiandforrest@earthlink.net

Dear "Don't miss a trick, travel with Nick". Bev and I enjoyed our day with you very much and I have friends going in October so I gave them your name and they will be emailing you. I hope to get back to your lovely Island someday and for sure I will be requesting you again. Best wishes, Carolyn<br>
Carolyn.Gilleland@tenethealth.com

Hi Michael and Nicholas,<br>
We had a wonderful time in Rhodes!!<br>
Michael, we enjoyed chatting with you about Greece and getting to know more about your country!!! I'm so glad that I came across your website, all thanks to Google search!!! Feel free to add this as customer feedback on your website!!! I hope to return to Greece again and visit Santorini and Crete!!!<br>
Many, many thanks Michael!!!<br>
Cerilla, cerilla70@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas,<br>
We had an excellent trip and your tour of Rhodes was just one of the many wonderful highlights. We look forward to returning to the island.<br>
We tried your recipe for grilled feta and it was great. We have had it many times since. Thank you for a great day!<br>
Terri, silmarillion55@hotmail.com

Nicholas, we will be sure to tell everyone we know, who is going to Rhodes, about you and how you helped to make our stay on your beautiful island so special. We hope you have a productive and prosperous summer and wish you and your family good health and happiness. We will stay in touch with you. Until we speak next time, take care of yourself!<br>
Your friends from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, USA...Paul and Carrie<br>
g80r@aol.com

Nicholas, Your brother Mike was great. We had a great 1/2 day tour and Mike took us to a great restaurant that night. You helped make our vacation the best we have had. David Epstein<br>
Sales@statevacuum.com

Thank you for the fantastic tour..... You were informative, professional and fun to have you as our tour driver, and you left us with great memories and a strong desire to visit Rhodes again. Regards<br>
Sheila and Sandy Mayfield, SZamel@aol.com

Hello Nicholas. We had a wonderful time in Rhodes and look back on our experience with many fond memories. Charlie asks that you please send our regards to George. We look forward to the time when we can return and will definitely contact you when we do. Robin & Constantine Chagares chagares@verizon.net

Nicholas. We enjoyed our excellent tour of Rhodes and when we have time, will recommend your services.<br>
Ellen estrad@mindspring.com

Hi Nick. we had a great time and Rhodes was a highlight. we will be happy to recommend you to others.<br>
Helen (and family)<br>
hamichels@hotmail.com

Hey Nick,<br>
Our trip was awesome, but we didn't have a better tour driver the whole time than you. I promise to send you a copy of " The Shield " TV show starring the character Vic Mackey, who could be your brother or first cousin. As soon as the articles are written, I'll send you a copy of the pre-publication piece. thanks again for making the Rhodes experience so enjoyable, and if you decide to visit California, you've got a place to stay anytime. best regards, David<br>
DCohen@emc.org

Many thanks for your excellent service. My family enjoyed Rhodes the best of all the Greek Islands and we are so happy that we used your Taxi Service! You and Domenic were so informative and we enjoyed the visiting of Lindos and the Island tour as well. You are so accommodating and pleasant. We will refer you to any of our friends who are stopping in Rhodes. Thanks again for making our trip so wonderful.<br>
Sincerely, The O'Connor and Pappas families<br>
ildao@comcast.net
