---
year: 2009
---
Dear Nicholas, The four of are still talking about our Rhodes tour as the "Highlight" of our trip! We had a wonderful time, and have threatened to come back and buy an olive grove and live there. We truly loved your island. Our driver (cannot remember his name-what was it, please?) was charming and informative and friendly. We will certainly call you again should we get back to Rhodes and recommend your tour to any of our friends traveling to Rhodes.<br>
Happy New Year!<br>
RIck & joy Church bjbooks@comcast.net (Dec 17th)

Hi Nicholas. Our tour of Rhodes, Filermos and Lindos with Michael was relaxing, informative and quite enjoyable. We appreciated how he managed our time so that we were able to see as much as possible. Rhodes is definitely an island we would love to visit again. Thank you.<br>
Charlene & Ed Plunkett<br>
cplunkett@ntelos.net

Nicholas. You have a good eye when taking photos. You took one of our family with the harbor scene in the background. It was so good that I had copies made and included them in many of my Christmas cards. Our visit to Rhodes is fondly remembered and you helped make the experience special. Thank you. If I know of anyone coming to Rhodes, you may be assured that I will heartily recommend your service. And a very special holiday season is wished for you and your family.<br>
Roxanna Chamberlin<br>
roxanna2@peoplepc.com

Hi Nicholas: ...We did have a fabulous continuation of our trip ending in Istanbul. The weather continued to be wonderful so we saw everything in its best glory. Judy and I wish you and your family the happiest of Christmases, and we do look forward to enjoying your smiling services again in beautiful Rhodes...<br>
Our best, Bob and Judy Beiring<br>
beiringrk@aol.com

Hello Nick, I just wanted to let you know that my cousin, Linda Babcock, and I are thinking of you during the holidays and remembering our fantastic tour with you. I have recommended your services to my friend, Ana Mellon, who is visiting Rhodes in April, 2010 with great enthusiasm!! "She won't miss a trick with Nick" right? Remembering you and your amazing gift for finding just the right places to go (especially to put my foot in the sea) and we loved the restaurant, and the meliasti...can't wait to return! Have a wonderful holiday season.<br>
Betty Caya<br>
bapc@verizon.net

Hi Nick. I have saved all of your information and told many friends what a great time we had with you and Billy. Have a very Happy Holiday Season! (Nov 5th)<br>
Truly yours, Allan and Sue<br>
allanandsue1@comcast.net

Hi Nicholas. Home again after a wonderful trip. Everyone enjoyed the tour in Rhodes despite the heavy rain we encountered in Lindos. Also it was a nice change to tour by 4 cabs. I will be happy to recommend your services to other travellers.<br>
Kind regards - Glenys (Oct 26th)<br>
number12@tpg.com.au

Nicholas. Arrived back in the UK late Friday and just getting back to normal.<br>
My friends and my wife and I wanted to thank you for ensuring that we had a most professional driver on our recent visit to Rhodes he made the tour most enjoyable and I would have no hesitation in recommending your service to other.<br>
Once again many thanks and please also convey our thanks to our driver.<br>
Regards Steven Schaffer steven.schaffer@sky.com

Hi Nick. We loved Rhodes and loved the tour we received. We had several vehicles and everyone enjoyed their tours. I hope someday to come back and this time stay in Rhodes and certainly will keep in touch.<br>
Thanks again for a memorable trip.<br>
Best wishes<br>
Cynthia<br>
KCynhar@aol.com

Hi Nick, we had a wonderful day and hope to return to Rhodes and be able to stay longer in the future. Thank you for giving us a wonderful overview.<br>
Nancy Yaworski<br>
nyaworski@yahoo.ca

We are home in the US. Our time in Rhodes was very nice and informative. So much to see and so beautiful. We wish we could have had more time to explore but the ship was only in port for the day. We would love to visit again and will pass your name along to others that may be traveling to Rhodes. Thank you for your hospitality.<br>
Jackie Carter<br>
Houston TX USA<br>
jccjwc@comcast.net

Hello!! Nick. We had a great time and warmly thank our driver's for a wonderful time. I will definitely recommend your service to friends and family should they travel to the beautiful Island of Rhodes. Best Wishes!<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Christina Briant<br>
christina.briant@unionbay.com

Thanks for the memories!! Nick! My cousin Betty and I want to thank you again for the entertaining, enlightening and fun day all about Rhodes. Our friends are jealous and want your contact information.... Again, many thanks, new friend,<br>
Linda Babcock & Betty Caya (Oct 19th)<br>
lbredhot4usc@aol.com

Thank you for a very memorable day in Rhodes!!!<br>
Patty Crawford<br>
pcrawf1166@comcast.net

kalimera! We are back to the cold, thank you very much for all - we enjoyed the trip very much, Manuel was a very good tour driver and a very pleasant man.<br>
Have a nice day jassu!<br>
Lizzie Jung<br>
Helga-Elisabeth.Jung@oppenhoff.eu

Oct 11. Hi Nick. We are safely home. We had an excellent driver in Rhodes. We appreciated him. Thanks a lot. Al peters<br>
alpeters@shaw.ca

Hi -- I just would like to report back to you that we had a wonderful tour today and your associate driver Michael is great. We really liked him. We will be sure to put the word out about your service. (Oct 1st)<br>
Nicolette Bromberg<br>
surfprague@yahoo.com

Nick thank you again for your wonderful service. My clients had a wonderful time in Rhodes and go on and on about how they so enjoyed your touring service. Also went to crete and had a great time there as well. I will definetly call on you for our next venture to Greece.<br>
Diane Blackburn<br>
Gateway Tours & Cruises<br>
blackburnsc@yahoo.com

Nick--- As mentioned, we had a great day with you during our recent trip to Rhodes. It is a wonderful island, with a wide variety of things to do, and your trip with us for the day was one of the highlights! The scenery and sites, as well as your helpful and informative dialogue were all fantastic. And, although I work for another car compny, your Mercedes was very comfortable and classy!<br>
Thanks again for making our trip so memorable! I can honestly say we'll probably be back!<br>
Eric and Pauline Stevens<br>
eric.stevens@gm.com

Hi Nicholas,<br>
Thank you very much for the tour today. We really enjoyed the sights of Rhodes and all the things you told us about the island. It was very interesting. You had a joke with us about the ship not being there when we got back and guess what - yes, 2 passengers missed the ship and have to find their own way to Limassol, Cyprus. Glad you made sure that it WASN'T us!!!!!! (Sept 10th)<br>
Kind regards,<br>
Michael & Diane.<br>
mdcholiday@internode.on.net

Our day in Rhodes was one of the best parts of a great vacation. Thank you for a great tour of your beautiful island!<br>
Sincerely<br>
Barb Pifer<br>
bzpifer@verizon.net

Thank you so much for everything. We had a great time with Michael. My mother and I decided that Rhodes was our favorite Greece destination. We will hopefully be back. (Aug 17th)<br>
Stella Mintz<br>
stellamintz1@aol.com

Nick, we want to thank you for the wonderful tour of Rhodes. You were on time when our ship docked, your car was very clean and you conducted yourself very professionally. We enjoyed the fact that you customized the tour to what we wanted to do. We also appreciated the fact that your charges were exactly what you quoted. Thanks again. We will be sure to recommend you to our friends should they be planning to visit Rhodes.<br>
Jim and Jan Savage<br>
JanSavage@aol.com

Dear Nicholas, We talk about you and your beautiful home everyday. Jeff has started his sophomore year of school and likes it. I hope your children enjoyed their summer. It goes by so quickly. Enjoy the attached picture. Keep up to date with Jeff's charitable giving and painting on his web site. <span class="break">http://www.artistjeffhanson.blogspot.com/</span><br>
Keep in touch.<br>
Love from Kansas, USA,<br>
Julie, Hal and Jeff Hanson<br>
hjjhanson@kc.rr.com

Dear Nicholas- It is people like you that made our trip so memorable! We will happily recommend you to anyone that tells us that they are going to your wonderful island. (Aug 1st)<br>
Sincerely-<br>
Patricia and Ernest Oriente<br>
testing@powerhour.com

Dear Nicholas,<br>
Yes, we enjoyed our day with your brother very much and particularly appreciated the fine food and service at the restaurant you selected. We will certainly recommend your services to our friends who may travel to Rhodes and hope someday that we will return.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Andrew Kauffman<br>
danlaurak@earthlink.net

We had a very nice experience with you and we hope to see you in Rhodes again. Many greetings to all the drivers and especially for Manuel Papachristofis who was a very good driver and his Italian is perfect. (Italian group July 23rd)<br>
See you soon<br>
Ester & Co.<br>
ester.vitale@tin.it

Thank you, Nicholas! Of all the islands we visited, I believe Rhodes is my favorite for its wide variety of topography, history, and other interesting things. Thank you for being our tour driver. I keep a file on countries because people often ask for recommendations. Your name is now in my Greece file. (July 29th)<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Roxanna Chamberlin<br>
roxanna2@peoplepc.com

Nicholas. Thank-you..we had a wonderful time on Rhodes. We will recommend you to our friends.<br>
Attorney Marlene Macauda<br>
Mellick and Sexton<br>
marlenmail@aol.com

Nick. Just a quick note to thank you for the top-notch tour of Rhodes that you provided. I was pleasantly shocked to see the beautiful car you used to drive us around in! We were very comfortable and quite pleased with the hospitality you gave us. Your knowledge of and your pride in your job really made our visit a special memory for us as we visited the islands of Greece. If you ever get to Chicago please give us a shout so we can return the favor! Have a great summer, I hope you stay very busy. (June 17th)<br>
Best regards,<br>
Bob Reising<br>
bobreising@mac.com

We had a most enjoyable visit to Rhodes, especially thanks to Michael. We especially appreciated being able to participate in a worship service at the Greek Orthodox Church where we visited. We will remember the beauty of Rhodes and the friendship of Michael as high points of our cruise.<br>
David and Shirley Williamson davidw@etex.net

Hi, Nicholas, We got back home yesterday. We had a wonderful trip, everything was perfect. And you were responsible for a part of it. We will recomend you to family and friends going to Rhodes. (June 7th)<br>
Patricia<br>
patfraga@superig.com.br

Hi Nicholas. Am safely home and had a great time. Our driver on Rhodes was Mike and he was great. Informative and fun and very easy going about whatever we wanted to do. He was perfect for us. Super nice guy too. (June 6th)<br>
Regards,<br>
Carole Talan & Paxton<br>
talan@sbcglobal.net

Thank you so much Nicholas, Rhodes is a lovely island and we greatly enjoyed our tour with your associates. The beach was the best we found!<br>
Catherine<br>
desertminky@aol.com

Thank you. We really enjoyed our (too short) time with you & the beautiful island of Rhodes.<br>
Carole &Alan Poltrack<br>
Jacques & M'el Elion<br>
CaroleleeW@aol.com

Thanks so much. We had a great time and Michael was excellent. We have already given your name to some friends who have friends who are heading to Greece - and I'm sure there will be others when the economy picks up.<br>
Take care and thank you again. (June 2nd)<br>
Jill Schulman<br>
jillnpaul@aol.com

Nicholas. We thoroughly enjoyed the remainder of our trip and will look back on our time in Greece and Turkey with fond memories.<br>
We wish you and your family a happy and healthy summer.<br>
All best wishes, (June 2nd)<br>
Kimbra<br>
kdwalter@rcn.com

Nicholas, thanks much for the great service. Our driver was great, and we really enjoyed the day. I also appreciated your call that morning to check on us. I will keep your website and email in my files for my friends that visit. Greece is one of American's most favorite places to visit....very understandable, as it is so beautiful, and the people so friendly. (May 27th)<br>
sincerely,<br>
Debbie Proud<br>
proud@woh.rr.com

Nicholas, our compliments and thanks for a wonderful day spent with Michael in Rhodes! The day progressed without a hitch and we thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of it. We appreciated Michael's easy-going personality and his willingness and ability to share so much information about beautiful Rhodes.<br>
The lunch at that restaurant was delicious, the ambience and views absolutely gorgeous. We appreciated every single minute of the day, and have many beautiful memories to hold dear. Maybe one day we can return and swim in St. Paul's Bay!<br>
Thank you again for your efficient and informative service. We would recommend your business without hesitation. (May 21st)<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Kathleen Ehrhart<br>
kae1124@cox.net

Nick, just wanted to thank you for the wonderful time you showed us on our visit to your beautiful island and the wonderful restaurant you took us to. I look forward to recommending you to my clients heading for Rhodes and hope to return someday in the future. Thank you again for the out of this world pastries from your cousins shop, simple the best (May 21st)<br>
Jacquie Peticolas<br>
Personal Vacation Planner<br>
<span class="break">Jacquie.Peticolas@AmericasVacationCenter.com</span>

Dear Nick, we are back in Canada now. We arrived back yesterday after our cruise and a wonderful week in England. We do want to thank you and Michael our driver for making our visit to Rhodes so great. With 12000 people there that day we would have been lost without your help. We will definitely give your name to anyone we hear is visiting Rhodes. (May 21st)<br>
Thanks again.<br>
Jim and Jan Savage<br>
jansavage@aol.com

Hi Nick...<br>
We are on our way home and have many pleasant memories of our cruise, esecially our day with you. Thanks again for our wonderful day in Rhodes.<br>
Chuck Purcell<br>
chaslin@surewest.net

Nicholas.<br>
We got home from our cruise yesterday. I wanted to let you know we enjoyed Michael's driving on our half day tour of Rhodes city and Lindos on April 3rd. Rhodes is a beautiful island and we're happy we were able to spend a little time there. We would love to come to Rhodes again and will certainly recommend your taxi service to our friends.<br>
Sincerely, T. Grover<br>
grover@tks-net.com

Dear Nicholas.<br>
Chelsea and I just wanted to say thanks, we had a wonderful time in Rhodes! We enjoyed our tour of the island with you, and thank you for taking us to that great little restaurant. Aspen loves his pendant I bought him. Chelsea and I did go back to the Old Town and also did a lot walking around the New Town, we just had a wonderful time. I hope some day too return to Rhodes. Rhodes is a beautiful place full of beautiful people! Miss it already. (March 10th 2009)<br>
Sincerely, Sheri<br>
sjworld43@yahoo.com

Hi Nick<br>
We enjoyed the time we spent with you and have been telling friends and family what a terrific service you provided to us. It will be our pleasure to recommend you. (Feb. 21st 2009)<br>
Very sincerely, Jeanne Aronstein<br>
jtasummer@hotmail.com

Dear Nicholas,<br>
Thank you so much for your help and services. The driver in Athens was fantastic. He is someone that you can proudly send anyone with. His van was the best I have seen in Europe. The guide in Malta was not bad but she was just fair.<br>
Our gyro that we had with you is still the best we have ever eaten! I will be contacting you whenever I have clients to send. Thank you again for everything!<br>
Francie Garfinkel,<br>
francie@cfl.rr.com

Hi Nicholas,<br>
We made it home with no problems. After we left you we had a nice day in Cyprus. Cairo was wild! It was a long day to the pyramids from Alexandria. We had a minibus with 2 others and our guide and driver. Alexandria looks very interesting also. It was very quiet at 715 am when we left but at 730 in the evening it was very much alive.<br>
Malta was a nice day also. We only were there 2-630PM . I wish we had more time there. Then It was back to Barcelona where we stayed the night and flew home.<br>
Thanks again for everything. We had a nice day with you. The food where you dropped us off was excellent also. We spent a bit of time walking around Old Town before we got back on the ship. We will try to see Guns of Navarone again sometime soon. I was very young when I saw it. If you ever get to Florida(Orlando/Daytona) let us know.<br>
Thanks again, Dave/Cheryl Johnson (January 31st)<br>
daytona106866@yahoo.com

Gracias Nicholas,<br>
Fue muy bonito mi viaje. Les estoy muy agradecida por los tours.<br>
Espero poder regresar si Dios lo permite.<br>
Sldos. cordiales, Judith Yagual (January 2nd)<br>
judith_yagual@yahoo.com<br>
