---
year: 2010
---
Hi Nick, I wanted to let you know that we really enjoyed the tour, it was the highlight of our trip. Rhodes is a beautiful island and I think all of us hope to come back again someday. We will definitely recommend your service to anyone we know who is heading to Rhodes. Thanks again and have a great day!<br>
Laurie Hildebrand<br>
Associate<br>
Macleod Dixon LLP<br>
laurie.hildebrand@macleoddixon.com

Dear Nicholas, You certainly made our stay in Rhodes interesting and FUN!!! We really feel as though we know you as a friend. We look forward to seeing you again, and perhaps staying on the island for a little beach holiday. The island is beautiful. I will, of course, let you know if I have any clients who will be coming to Rhodes.<br>
Thank you for everything, and I agree, let's stay in touch.<br>
Fondly, Karen<br>
Travel Potentials<br>
karen@travelpotentials.com

Hi Nick, I just wanted to let you know that we all loved our tour with your brother Michael yesterday. I will be highly recommending your service on the internet, in my office, and to my clients. It was a wonderful day. Please give my thanks to Michael.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Carol Dyck<br>
Accredited Cruise Counsellor Expedia CruiseShipCenters.<br>
cdyck@cruiseshipcenters.com

Dear Nicholas,<br>
Just wanting to thank you and your very competent drivers for the service you provided to my group in Rhodes. We had a great time!<br>
Arlina Onglao<br>
Journeys of Faith, Inc.<br>
Quezon City, Philippines<br>
Tel No: (632) 929-0144 / (632) 929-0155<br>
Email: joinjourneys@gmail.com

Nick,<br>
First and foremost thank you for the wonderful 1/2 day tour of Rhodes. From beginning to end, you made sure that we did not miss a thing. We are eternally grateful for that. Your insight and patience was well appreciated. We also appreciated you going out of your way to get us some delicious "baklava" and "galaktoboureko". Rhodes was one of the highlights of our cruise trip, all thanks to you. We hope to visit again soon. If we do, know that you will be the first person we call. I will certainly recommend you to all of my friends.<br>
Thanks again.<br>
Torres Family (U.S.A.)<br>
omarusmc@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas!<br>
Yes, we LOVED our tour with you. You & your brother did a fantastic job.<br>
I hit a home run with all the drivers, and the guides I booked with on the entire trip!!! Everyone was very pleased and we had such fun with each one.<br>
Thanks again for making our day in Rhodes such fun!<br>
Lynn<br>
JNLROSE@aol.com

Nicholas, I want to thank you and your wonderful associate driver, Mike, for the wonderful 1/2 day tour of your lovely island. He picked us up at our ship and showed us a once in a lifetime view of Rhodes and surrounding area. When I return, I will certainly call upon you again and will recommend that all friends utilize your taxi services.<br>
Thanks again and have a grand Fall.<br>
Jean H. Fountain<br>
Fairhope, AL, USA<br>
jeanfountain@bellsouth.net

Hello, Your service was excellent. Our driver, Manuel, made our day in Rhodes interesting, fun and Informative. I will certainly recommend your service to anyone visiting Rhodes. Joye Montgomery<br>
montgomery102@comcast.net

Thank you Nicholas! We had a very enjoyable trip, spending the last week in Spain. Really like those tapas & wine!! Just got home last night. We thoroughly enjoyed the trip with you & will certainly recommend your name to anyone heading your way. Thanks again for being a part of our journey. Terri<br>
conn100@comcast.net

Nicholas: We had a very nice time in Rhodes. Manuel was an excellent driver - we thoroughly enjoyed his expertise and his personality. I would recommend him to anyone I know that will be visiting Rhodes.<br>
Thank you. Jim McNeice<br>
jmcneice@comcast.net

Hello, Thank you so much for the service you provided for my husband and myself while we were in your beautiful country. The short time we spent there we learned so much of your history due to your expertise. I will definitely recommend your services to anyone traveling to Rhodes.<br>
Thank you, Terri Milligan<br>
tmilligan666@hotmail.com

Nick, We just wanted to pass along a big thanks to you for the wonderful day you provided when Lisa, Ken, Marion and I were on Rhodes. We all treasure the sights you selected for the trip and the service you provided. I did pass along your hello to your Egyptian associate Rasha when we saw her a few days later in Cairo.<br>
We wish you lots of luck and success in your business.<br>
Denny Beroiz<br>
bajadenny@yahoo.com

Nicholas: Thank you. We all had a wonderful time on your tour & I will definitely recommend you & Michael to anyone who will be visiting Rhodes.<br>
It is absolutely beautiful!<br>
Thank you again, Linda<br>
Linda@altedge.com

We have now arrived back in Australia and would like to thank you for your excellent attention during our trip to Rhodes.<br>
We will try to put a note on the internet to that effect.<br>
Regards Lis Macfarlane<br>
lis.macfarlane@gmail.com

Hi Michael, We would like to send a special thank you to you and your brother Nicholas. We have had a great day out with you today. We saw so much with you that we probably would not have seen if we didn't do this tour with you. Mihalis my husband was born in Greece and has commented on how much knowledge you know of the island. We would recommend this tour to all our family back home in Australia. Thank you for taking us to where we wanted to go. Don't think any other tour would have done this much for us. Again thank you for a very very nice and relaxed day.<br>
Yasou from Antonetta, Mihalis, Nicholas and Marcus. (Sept 4th)<br>
mantonakiou@hotmail.com

Bonjour, nous sommes bien rentrés chez nous.<br>
Nous avons apprécié notre sejour dans votre belle île et votre chauffeur a été parfait: il nous a bien expliqué tout ce que voyions et malgré les ambarras de circulation à cause des files dans les stations essence nous a bien conduit en temps et en heure partout où nous devions et voulions aller. Il a su nous faire apprécier de très beaux endroits.<br>
Nous recommanderons vos services à d'autres personnes sans problème.<br>
Peut être à une prochaine fois<br>
Martine FONTAINE<br>
martinedewert@hotmail.com

Hi Nick; To say we had an awesome time is a under statement. Thank you so much for all of your time and knowledge. We are talking about coming back to Rhodes again next year for a couple of days. Your island is beautiful and we want to explore it more. We also want to spend some time at St Paul's Bay. The restaurant that you took us to was wonderful, and swimming right there after we ate was a treat. You were wonderful. We look forward to seeing you again.<br>
Thank you once again<br>
Lisa & Steve Terrinoni<br>
lst561@hotmail.com

Hello Nicholas,<br>
This is a late email from us to let you know who much we appreciate our tour of the Island of Rhodes. It's wonderful to look at our pictures and all the good memories.<br>
Beth Smith for Paul, Mike and Wendy Hryniw<br>
pbsmith2@mts.net

Hello, We all enjoyed Rhodes, it will be among our favorites to visit if we are ever so lucky to return to the Greek Isles. Our driver Manuel was wonderful and we had lunch at a very nice place, it was all perfect. Booking anything through the internet is always a risk but in this case we were fortunate indeed to use your taxi service. I was so impressed with all the olive tree's and there beautiful silvery leaves and how our driver has had his tree's in his family for years, that I hope to grow my own olive tree. Not a grove of them but at least try to have one on my patio in Florida.<br>
Thank you once again,<br>
Sonya Bridges<br>
bridgessonya@hotmail.com

Hello to you and please say hello to Michael too !<br>
We had a wonderful tour with Michael and will recommend you to our travel agent and friends. Rhodos is a beautiful island and we hope to return one day. Our best and thanks for a great time in Rhodos.<br>
Thanks, Bobette and Byron Siegel<br>
BSSMSW@aol.com

Hello Nicholas<br>
We have just got back to New Zealand yesterday and had a wonderful trip. One of the highlight was of course our day in Rhodes with you - and thank you for taking us to Lindos and the restaurant - that too was a great choice.<br>
My brother and his wife will be going on an identical cruise in September and I have passed your information on to them. We shall certainly hope to return to Rhodes again and use your services again.<br>
All the best<br>
Kind regards,<br>
Robyn & Alec Watling<br>
watling@clear.net.nz

Back home now, I would like to congratulate you for the wonderful service. My friends and I had a great time in Rhodes toured by Michael! (June 9th)<br>
Sincerely, Luciana Cardoso<br>
lcardoso70@yahoo.com.br

Hi Nicholas, What a great trip and one of the highlights was definitely our tour of Rhodes. You brought your beautiful island to life for us and our tour was truly a five star experience. Your thoughtfulness and knowledge and sense of fun and adventure gave us a memory we will not soon forget. We would urge anyone coming to Rhodes to make their first call to you to book a tour.<br>
Thank you again Nicholas.<br>
Peggy Klos<br>
Toronto, Canada<br>
peggyklos@sympatico.ca

We are safely home and our pictures remind us of the beautiful journey in your country. We will certainly make use of your services again, as well as inform our friends of the excellence of your services.<br>
Best regards, Mike<br>
mikevitiello@hotmail.com

Thanks, Nicholas. We very much enjoyed our trip to Rhodes and you were a large part of it. In fact, it was one of our favorite stops on the cruise. The rest of the trip went very well. My boss and her sister are going to Greece in November/December. I am not sure if she is going to Rhodes but if so, she will know who to call!<br>
Take care.<br>
Tammy<br>
tstringer@carolina.rr.com

Thank you Nick. Everything was wonderful and Rhodes was one of our better days. The driver was most kind and even helped my grandson find a special kind of rechargeable battery for his camera.<br>
Nancy Hamlin<br>
n2hhamlin@frontiernet.net

My group of 3 persons spent a day & a half in Rhodes June 7 & 8, 2010. Nicholas, provided us with our transfer from the airport to the hotel. He was very polite & personable. He delivered us as close as he could to our hotel in Old Town & helped us carry our bags. He was wonderful! The next day we went on the full day tour of Rhodes. Nicholas was very knowledgeable and patient, never rushing us as we were sightseeing. He also took us to a nice restaurant for lunch!! He was the best tour driver I have ever dealt with!!! I highly recommmend touring with Nicholas. We had only one full day in Rhodes and he made sure we saw the best of it!!! After the tour he dropped us off at the port. Nicholas, Thank you for such a wonderful experience in Rhodes!<br>
Keep up the good work!<br>
Kia Edwards, Georgia USA<br>
rnangel38@yahoo.com

Hi Nicholas. Just a brief note to thank you, and specially Michael, for the excellent service we had in our tour, with his knowledge. We really enjoy it, and will recommend you. Not everybody is willing to take an individual tour, and prefer the cruise tours, but for those willing to do it, this one really works.<br>
Regards<br>
Pedro Perez<br>
pperezn88@yahoo.com

Hi Nicholas, We both enjoyed our trip to Rhodes. We would love to return for a longer stay although at this stage I don't know when that may be. We both have been telling our friends that the private excursion is the way to go. It is more relaxing and can be modified if there is something one wants to do or doesn't want to do.<br>
All the best,<br>
Jon Johnson<br>
Calgary, Canada<br>
jcjperfins@hotmail.com

Nicholas, We are home safe and thoroughly enjoyed our time with George while in Rhodes. The restaurant was wonderful and we had such a good time! We will certainly pass your name on to relatives and friends should anyone wish to visit beautiful Greece.<br>
My best,<br>
Lewis Duncan<br>
wheasy@verizon.net

Hi. Our trip was great. We loved Rhodes and Lindos, so beautiful!! Hope we can see you again.<br>
I will keep your info and recommend you.<br>
Charon goldman charongoldman@rogers.com

HOLA NICHOLAS !!!<br>
LLEGAMOS AYER A BUENOS AIRES ARGENTINA Y YA ESTAMOS EXTRAÑANDO LA BELLEZA DE SUS ISLAS.<br>
QUEREMOS AGRADECERTE EL PASEO POR TU LINDA RODAS (CREO LA MAS BONITA QUE VISITAMOS), POR TUS INFORMACIONES Y CALIDAD DE ATENCION.<br>
SON RECOMENDABLES SUS TOURS PRIVADOS PARA TODOS AQUELLOS QUE QUIERAN VISITAR RODAS Y CONTAR CON UN EXCELENTE SERVICIO EN PRECIO, CALIDAD, FORMALIDAD Y MUY BUENA ONDA. (INCLUSO LE PASARE TUS DATOS A MI AGENCIA DE VIAJES LOCAL)<br>
TE MANDAMOS MUCHOS SALUDOS Y OJALA PODAMOS ENCONTRARNOS EN OTRA OPORTUNIDAD<br>
GRACIAS POR TODO. UN BESO<br>
MIRTA GONZALEZ<br>
mirtaagonzalez@gmail.com

Querido Nicholas,<br>
Nós ficamos muito satisfeitos com seu pronto atendimento na inesquecível Iha de Rodes.<br>
Com certeza a mais bonita da Grecia. Adoramos nosso passeio pela Ilha vendo as maravilhas da encantadora Rodes. Agradecemos muito seu atendimento personalizado e todo a nossa estadia em Rodes pois, nos deixou saudades.<br>
Já estou indicando você aos meus conhecidos e com certeza todos que me pedirem informações será :<br>
Esplendido!!! Maravilhoso estar com Nicholas e seus companheiros.<br>
Nosso abraço e nosso carinho.<br>
Luciana David e família<br>
Varginha- Minas Gerais- Brasil<br>
Visitamos Rodes de 11 a 13 de abril 2010<br>
led13@uol.com.br

Nick, I've been telling everyone that Rhodes was probably the prettiest stop on our cruise, and we enjoyed it a lot.<br>
Thanks again! (April 11th)<br>
Susan<br>
susankperez@yahoo.com

Hola, me alegro de tu saludo, debo decir que recordare siempre Rodas, no sólo por su bello entorno, sino también por la hospitalidad de su gente: VOSOTROS<br>
Espero volver pronto (24 de marzo, España)<br>
luz<br>
luz.bello@telefonica.net

Hello Nick: Michael and I just wanted to thank you for an amazing tour of Rhodes. We decided it was our favorite spot in Greece and your tour to both sides of the Island, the wine region and historic sights made our visit very special. We especially enjoyed our wine tasting at the small, family wineries and at the general wine tasting facility in the wine area. It provided such a great opportunity to taste a variety of interesting and good local wines. As we mentioned, we have friends coming to the area in middle June and we will definitely recommend your services. I'm not sure what their plans are but we will certainly encourage them to use your firm. The professionalism of your firm was greatly appreciated, especially your prompt and complete replies to our emails as we began planning our trip.<br>
Again, our thanks.<br>
Warm regards,<br>
Bobbie and Michael<br>
metzgerb@earthlink.net