---
title: '2012'
position: 11
year: 2012
---

Nicholas, We have only just arrived home after a wonderful and very memorable trip throughout Italy, and the many ship excursions to Turkey, Sicily and some of the many islands of Greece....Rhodes being most memorable. Dominic (Kiriakos)) was such an excellent tour/driver whom we all enjoyed immensely.<br>
It was very nice to meet you...brief as it was. Thank you for asking Dominic to stop by. We will not hesitate to recommend "Rhodes Private Tours" to any of our family and friends that may travel to Rhodes in the future. Warmest regards. Please pass on our regards to Dominic<br>
Jackie and Larry Cade jcade@shaw.ca (Dec 3rd)

Many thanks Nick, we did enjoy our day with you and feel that we saw more of the island than we would have done off the ship.<br>
However, the stop for lunch at Elena's was a definite highlight and we were really pleased you took us there.<br>
We would definitely recommend to our friends.<br>
Kind regards<br>
Ruth. ruth@connectbusiness.co.uk (Dec 2nd)

Dear Nicholas, We thoroughly enjoyed our trip and the highlight was definitely our tour of Rhodes with Sergio. I highly recommend your service to anyone who wants an in-depth and pleasurable tour of Rhodes at an extremely reasonable cost. Also, many thanks to Sergio for recommending a restaurant for lunch after our tour. It was excellent. Wishing you and your families all the best for the upcoming holiday season and for a healthy, happy, and prosperous New Year. Anne anne.beirne@gmail.com (Nov 30th)

Thank you, Nicholas! We enjoyed the rest of our trip and arrived home on Sunday. We all still say the best tour day on our cruise was Rhodes. Thank you for your help in making it a memorable time! I hope you have a wonderful Christmas and that you and your family will have a prosperous new year!<br>
Thanks again! Tara, Erik, Maya & Kieran princesswahooey@hotmail.com (Nov 30th)

Hello Nicholas. Thank you for the wonderful tour of your home island. It is a lovely place with such beautiful scenery. I do wish we could have visited on a day that the major sights were open but I will be sure to do that next time!<br>
Sincerely, Bette Taylor etaylor1952@aol.com (Nov 21st)

Thank you Nicholas. We had a great time in your beautiful Rhodes. Please thank Dominic for us for being such a good host and driver. Hope to come again to your beautiful island.<br>
Rosanna rorlov11@gmail.com (Nov 10th)

Nicholas: We had a wonderful time with you on our day in Rhodes. Our lunch at Argo was a highlight of our trip. We made a very positive comment about you on the Net. All the best to you. Bob & Carol Grossman r144man@gmail.com (Nov 10th)

Thank you so much. We had a wonderful tour with Michael and Stathis, and we all appreciated your professional service and quality attention.<br>
Douglas Ross dougross05@gmail.com (Oct 30th)

Hello! The tour was really nice and Manuel was an excellent driver, he explained everything very nicely and showed us all around Rhodes. We will certainly recommend it to all of our acquaintances.<br>
Thank you very much and our greetings to you and Manuel.<br>
Teresita Ortiz tr_ortiz@hotmail.com (Oct 26th)

Dear Nick. We thoroughly enjoyed our half day trip to Rhodes & Lindos on 26th September when we visited off P&O Azura.<br>
You gave us excellent service and a trip to remember.<br>
I hope that when we return to Rhodes one day, we will meet up again. With best wishes, on behalf of Jane as well,<br>
Chris Rogers Jane2809@aol.com

Hi Nicholas & Mike,<br>
We thoroughly enjoyed Mike & the drive to Lindos Acropolis, lunch and the old city. I would love to visit Rhodes again.<br>
We just returned from our trip last night.<br>
Thanks again for all your help,<br>
Mrs. Lucienne Weeks luweeks@rogers.com (Oct 24th)

Thank you for a wonderful day in Rhodes. Stergos Giannas (Sergio) could not have provided a better tour. He was educated on his subject, spoke English very well, looked out for our needs and was a charming host. I have sent and excellent rating to Trip Advisor.<br>
Nice to meet you. I would recommend your taxi services to anyone coming to Rhodes.<br>
Andrea MRAR13@aol.com (Oct 23rd)

Thank you very much for a wonderful day in Rhodes.<br>
We visited so many wonderful places, but we both think Rhodes was our favorite! Please thank Dominic for his persistence is getting us to have our brief visit at the cemetery.<br>
Andrea and Aaron Schaffel andreaschaffel@gmail.com (Oct 23rd)

Hello Nicholas. We had a wonderful trip and enjoyed our time in Rhodes with your bother Michael<br>
He was very knowledgeable and gave us a nice overview about your lovely Island<br>
Regards Jeff Zaslow jzaslow@bellsouth.net (Oct 22nd)

Thanks Nicholas. The 4+ hours we spent with John (Yannis) were very enjoyable and satisfying. We got a much better sense of the island than what resulted from our first visit. Lindos was lovely. I will be sure to post positive recommendations for your services.<br>
Cheers, Jay Devore jdevore@calpoly.edu (Oct 20th)

Nicholas. Our day with Dominic was one of the best days we have had since leaving Australia over a month ago. He was very knowledgable but also very funny. Dominic told us more than just the usual tourist info he also shared with us family and philosophical ideas and at all times his enthusiasm for the future of Greece.<br>
Debra Eustace DEBRA.EUSTACE@det.nsw.edu.au (Oct 13th)

Nicholas, I can't thank you enough for the special tour with Anthony yesterday. Anthony was a marvelous driver. I am recommending him, and your services, to our travel agent, to our friends, and also on Cruise Critic. What a gem you have on your team!<br>
Rhodes delighted us with it's beauty, it's history, its for its culture and friendly citizens. I can recommend Anthony without reservation to anyone in Rhodes who wishes to have a first class experience.<br>
Best regards,<br>
Philadelphia PA carol.vorch@verizon.net (Oct 10th)

Hello Nicholas!! We enjoyed your tour vey much, so much so, that we spent too much time eating @ that fabulous restaurant (would you send name?) that we were unable to see more of your beautiful island. I guess that gives us good reason to come back !? Thank You so much for your kindness & sense of humor ! I wish you much success.<br>
Best regards to you & your family<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Elizabeth Burk lmac5@hotmail.com

Dear Nicholas, Thanks lots, all the trip was amazing, we spend a very beautiful day thanks to our driver Michael (your brother) who was very helpful and very knowledge All was perfect, the suggestions, the day beach, the cities and pictures. We hope we can visit again the city and more days, If I come back to you for sure I will contact you for your services, Thanks a lot again<br>
Monica monica@minterhome.com (Sept 14th)

Hello Nicholas. We had a wonderful time in Rhodes and one of the highlights was your tour<br>
Thanks for making our holiday special.<br>
Mike 4mike@sky.com (Sept 14th)

Dear Nicholas<br>
You live in a beautiful country and we enjoyed our day with you. Nicholas, you are very professional and it was a pleasure working with you. I found you through the internet and was not in any way disappointed with you or your knowledgeable drivers - to the contrary, we were quite impressed. We appreciated that you met us at the dock and then found us again in Lindos and we have a picture to prove it.<br>
It will be our pleasure to recommend you to our friends should they travel to Rhodes.<br>
I wish you health and success. (Sept 21st)<br>
Sharon and Jerry Ness<br>
sness1836@gmail.com

Hi Nicholas<br>
Just wanted to thank you again for the half day tour of Rhodes. We had a lovely day and our driver Andreas was very knowladgable.<br>
We were both very happy with his service. The choice of restaurant was a perfect way to finish the day.<br>
Thank you again. (Sept 18th)<br>
Wendy Hawryluk<br>
wendy.hawryluk@gmail.com

Many, Many thanks for the most wonderful tour. Michael was more than fantastic. A special thanks to Michael.<br>
Rhodes is a magical place and Michael has helped to bring that magic into our hearts.<br>
Thank you Nicholas, Thank you Michael....<br>
Good luck to both of you.<br>
I most certainly recommend your services to anyone interested in touring the beautiful island of Rhodes.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Bonnie (Aug 30th)<br>
medcruiseaugust@ymail.com

Dear Nicholas: (Aug 20th)<br>
Your brother Michael and Manuel were wonderful and made us all feel comfortable and well taken care of. We will be visiting again and we will call you again for your expertise.<br>
Best always,<br>
Joan Chandon<br>
JKrossick@aol.com

Nicolás muchisimas gracias.<br>
El resto del viaje fue estupendo . mucho calor , pero lo soportamos hasta pronto<br>
Quim<br>
quimfuster@gmail.com

Dear Nicholas, (August 18th)<br>
Thank you so much for the wonderful day with you discovering Rhodes.The best thing about having a local person is that you really get to talk and learn about your life and your views, not just someone pointing out sites. This is how real communication works between people of different countries...not the media! Take away all the preconceptions and we are all people wanting a good life for our familes and to enjoy this beautiful earth.<br>
And what a treasure Argos was,a perfectly beautiful place for lunch away from all the "tourists" (like me).Delicious<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Lisa Davis<br>
American Express Travel<br>
epatterson37@hotmail.com

Hey Sergio and Nick,<br>
We got back late due to the tropical storm in the Gulf. It has been crazy! In short, until the weekend, I just want to say Sergio was the BEST and I cannot thank him and you enough. It was incredible! Sergio went beyond his guide duties. The only issue is we are broke and my son, Hunter, wants a camera now:-)! Thanks to Sergio he wants to pick up photography! I will send photos this weekend after I download them.<br>
Thanks again! We loved Rhodes! (June 28th)<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Kelly, Tim, Dakota, and Hunter Stroble<br>
tkdhs1@aol.com

Hello Nicholas,<br>
Many thanks! And many thanks for looking after us, we had a fabulous time and hope to be back in Rhodes in the not-too-distant future.<br>
Cheers, Lorne (Australia June 24th)<br>
brandubh@gmail.com

Dear Nicholas<br>
Thank you for organising the most wonderful tour for my family.<br>
Our drivers Gianis and Stathis were excellent. Gianis was very fluent in English and his knowledge of the island meant that we found Rhodos to be our favourite Greek island. Stathis was always helpful and polite and he to was very good company. Cars were very comfortable and we would certainly recommend you to our friends.<br>
I wish you luck with the current austerity problems which you are suffering in Greece and hope it all works out well for you.<br>
Yours sincerely (June 21st)<br>
Lily Krikler<br>
krikler@blueyonder.co.uk

Hi Nicholas<br>
Thanks for a great day, please extend our thanks to Stamos.<br>
Don and Diana Risling (June 19th)<br>
donrisling@hotmail.com

Dear Nicholas & Michael, Thank you.<br>
Our day in Rhodes with your brother Michael was a highlight of our 2 week vacation to Greece and Turkey. Michael did an outstanding job in all areas. He was very knowledgable and Larry particularly enjoyed talking to him, finding him very bright and articulate. I loved the way he spoke and made comparisons. It was a great day and thanks too for letting us find another couple to share the day with.<br>
Best wishes to you and your family,<br>
Sue (USA. Cupertino CA. June 13th)<br>
susons@yahoo.com

Nicholas. I would like to thank you for providing us with a great experience in Rhodes. We had such a fabulous time and would like to thank our driver Dominic for helping us make such great memories. I will definitely recommend your services to anyone I know that maybe traveling to Rhodes in the future.<br>
Best regards,<br>
Denise<br>
denisedaleg@aol.com
