---
year: 2013
position: 10
---
Hi Nicholas. We just arrived home yesterday evening. We did enjoy the tour and the information given which made our visit to Rhodes much more enjoyable.<br>
Again thank you.<br>
Wishing you all the best in the upcoming Christmas season.<br>
Anna Reeves and fellow travellers. (Nov 30th)<br>
acreeves@shaw.ca

Hello to both of you! Nicholas and Christ. We had a fantastic time on your lovely island of Rhodes and really liked the drive out to Lindos.<br>
The best part was the lunch at the seaside restaurant and the excellent company and companionship of Christ!<br>
He had many stories to tell and really made us feel like he was a friend. If any of you do come to Singapore let us know and we will try to give you a 4hour tour of the island of Singapore plus a chilli crab lunch!!! I will be reviewing on tripadvisor soon! Keep up the great work guys!<br>
Best regards<br>
Janet Tay (Nov 24th)<br>
janetkltay@yahoo.com

Hi Nicholas. We had a very nice tour with John and are happy to have the experiences he made possible. They were so much better than anything we could have booked from the ship. See my review on TripAdvisor . Regards , Kurt<br>
kmerl@comcast.net

Dear Sirs, We were very satisfied of our short tour to Lindos and give all thanks for the professionality and kindness of our driver who made us feel at home in Rhodes<br>
In the future, we shall certainly recommend your services to our friends willing to come for hollidays in your beautiful island !<br>
Best greetings<br>
Irina and Ugo<br>
irinadumitru@libero.it

Hi - We just returned home. Our trip was fabulous, especially our day in Rhodes with Andrew. When we get caught up, we will post on Trip Advisor to add to your glowing reviews. Our day there was special. We particularly loved Lindos.<br>
All best,<br>
Nina and Tony Borwick (Nov 12th)<br>
golda2000@gmail.com

Hi Nicholas: We want to especially express our appreciation of the tour of Rhodes we took with you. It was thoroughly enjoyable and informative and it was absolutely one of our favorite tours during our 16-day trip. We will surely recommend you as a tour driver to any one of our friends who travel to Rhodes in the future.<br>
Merle and Jeff Leyton<br>
jmleyton@centurylink.net

Hi Nicholas, Cindy, Gordon, Peter and I had a very enjoyable day with Michael when we visited Rhodes. It was one of the most special days of our cruise and one we will remember with fondness. We had perfect weather and we loved the town of Lindos. Michael was a great driver and explained so much to us.<br>
We will be recommending your services both on Cruise Critic and Trip Advisor when we finally return home. We are in Singapore at the moment after spending 3 days in Rome post cruise.<br>
With my best wishes.<br>
Jennifer Lynton (Nov 4th)<br>
jennielynton@bigpond.com

Nicholas, We had a wonderful time and Dominic was great - tell him hello from us!<br>
Regards,<br>
Lisa Jones (Nov 4th)<br>
lisanjones@hotmail.com

Nicholas, We have just arrived at home and we are happy to say we very much enjoyed our tour and Stamos and will be glad to recommend you to others.<br>
Sally Swift (Nov 4th)<br>
swifs@yahoo.com

Nicholas, We enjoyed our time very much and thought Sergio did a wonderful job. Please give regards and I will put a note on Tripadvisor for you in the next few days.<br>
Cheers, Neelie (Nov 3rd)<br>
belnel28@comcast.net

Nicholas, We thoroughly enjoyed our day with Sergio in Rhodes. He was prompt, friendly, informative, and showed us your beautiful island. He conveyed a real knowledge and love for Rhodes. I will try and post on Trip Advisor very soon a review.<br>
Thank you again.<br>
Phyllis Krone (Nov 3rd)<br>
phylliskrone@cox.net

Michael and Nicholas,<br>
Thank you again for a wonderful day. Yes, it was very informative and interesting. And thank you for always helping me out. Using a cane in Rhodes is not always easy. As you know, it was very important for my husband to see where his mother lived. We both got some wonderful pictures. My husband would like to go back again with our two sons. We will definitely call you when he does that.<br>
Thank you again,<br>
Sue and Al Israel (Nov 1st)<br>
swi9116@aol.com

Nicholas: I just wanted to thank you, Rhodes Private Tours and especially our driver Christopher for the wonderful tour of Rhodes last week.<br>
Chris was a delightful, friendly and very knowledgeable driver. My husband, our friends and myself thoroughly enjoyed our day. Rhodes is a very beautiful island with a vast diversity of history and landscapes.<br>
It was my favorite island on our entire cruise schedule. We will certainly contact you in the future if we decide to return to Rhodes.<br>
Best Regards,<br>
Sharon Dreyer (Oct 30th)<br>
Sldreyer8@aol.com

Hi, Nick, Tom and Laura, and Pam and I arrived home safely and on time yesterday after a most enjoyable stay in Greece and Turkey.<br>
Simply saying "Thank You" for guiding our tour of Rhodes seems insufficient. You proudly showed us the beautiful island where you live and work. We enjoyed meeting you and having you as our driver. We will definitely recommend you to anyone we know who will be traveling in Greece. We wish you a happy winter season and hope that your business continues to succeed in 2014.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Aaron<br>
awbunc68@aol.com

Nicholas. Thank you so much for such a wonderful trip in Rodos<br>
Charlie and I did have a terrific time and Stathis was a great driver. He was very conscientious about showing us so many beautiful and photographic spots. I will be sure to tell my friends how much we liked your service.<br>
Anna Lynn Wagner (Oct 28th)<br>
Annasplace@aol.com

Hi Nicholas. We have just arrived home in New Zealand after a 7 week holiday. Your company and driver were fantastic. Please pass on a big thank you to Manuel. He really made our stay in Rhodes a special and memorable one. We wished we could have had Manuel as our driver in all the ports such a great guy!! Will definitely use and recommend your company and will request Manuel in the future...thanks agsin for such a great service. Allanah (Oct 28th)<br>
moses2@xtra.co.nz

Even though we arrived 2 hours late because of high wind you and Andrew were still there waiting on us. We loved what little time we had in Rhodes and hope to visit the island again and spend a little more time there. I will do a review on Trip Advisor once I get things under control here at home. Thank you again for providing a great service to foreign tourists.<br>
Bonnie Tharp (Oct 17th)<br>
bitharp@verizon.net

Hi, Just wanted to let you know that Dpminique gave us a great tour of the island and we enjoyed the day very much.<br>
Thanks,<br>
Ruth (Oct 17th)<br>
ruthb00@gmail.com

Nicholas,<br>
My husband and I want to thank you for the wonderful tour today of Rhodes. Our driver Dominic was very knowledgable and attentive to our wants and needs. Everything he showed us was beautiful and a memory we will not soon forget. Thank you again for the excellent driver that you provided us with. We will be recommending your services to our friends. (Oct 16th)<br>
Norma Kaderka<br>
norma.kaderka@gmail.com

Nicholas,<br>
We will post a full review on TripAdvisor when we get back to California, but I wanted you to know that Dea and I had a wonderful time with Michael today. He was extremely attentive and informative and took us exactly where we wanted to go. We enjoyed his commentary and learning about Rhodes -- and the restaurant for lunch was PERFECT! Away from the crowds in a beautiful setting.<br>
Again, we will post more later, but we really wanted you to know immediately how wonderful our day was because of Michael and your company.<br>
Thank-you,<br>
Scott and Dea Ogata<br>
scott@ogatas.com

Hi Nicholas, I am back in the US after my fabulous trip.<br>
Just wanted to send you a quick note of thanks.<br>
I will be putting a note on Trip Advisor, but I need to get all settled back in, as you can imagine!<br>
Anyway, Rhodes is beautiful! Our two drivers were wonderful.<br>
We enjoyed ourselves immensely.<br>
Thank you for the treats you gave us after the tour. Oh My, I think I gained 5 pounds just eating them!<br>
I am so glad I chose you for our tour there in Rhodes.<br>
I will highly recommend you.<br>
Thanks very much!<br>
Maggie (Oct 10th)<br>
Maggie.Jenkins@aesculap.com

Thanks Nick! We sincerely thank you and your family for the excellent tour you presented. We made a contribution to Trip Advisor for your services. All the best, and we hope to visit again one day!<br>
Lara for all lara.harrelson.trd7@statefarm.com (Oct 11th)

Nicholas, we would like to thank you again for a wonderful day in Rhodes! This was because of your great tour/drivers for the tour! Rhodes is certainly beautiful, and they gave us the best for our time there. The lunch was outstanding as well.<br>
We will certainly share your information with other agents, and hope to send others from us to you in the future. We have also told Remo and Daniele how please we were with you!!!<br>
Ruth & John Shaw<br>
An American Express Travel Services Representative<br>
Oceanrides@aol.com

Hi Nicholas,<br>
I wanted to thank you again for the wonder trip we had with your brother Michael. He was very nice, informative and accommodating to my disabled mother. We loved the tour and especially loved the lunch that you had arranged for us in the small village. That especially made our day. We will recommend you to our friends and family for future trips.<br>
Kathy Lobato (Oct 3rd)<br>
kathy.lobato@gmail.com

Hi Nicholas,<br>
I loved Rhodes and I am sure that your services helped me to have the best possible view of that fantastic island. I am going to recommend your services.<br>
Thanks and I hope to have a chance to go there next year again.<br>
Best Regards, (Sept 30th)<br>
Ricardo Mengoni<br>
ricardo.mengoni@yahoo.com

Hello Nicholas. We have just arrived back home in Australia. I wish to thank you and especially Michael for our wonderful time in Rhodes.<br>
Michael is a fountain of knowledge and we learnt much about your island and he answered all our questions. He went out of his way to make us feel at home and took us to some very special places, many off the beaten track. Thanks again.<br>
Regards<br>
Susan and Norm Kroner, (Sept 29th)<br>
Queensland, Australia<br>
kroners@hotmail.com

Dear Nicholas, We had a wonderful time in Rhodes! Manuel was a wonderful driver! He was very informative and a pleasure to be with. We thank you for all that you did. It was one of our favorite days on our trip.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Kelly Fullerton<br>
fullthouse@comcast.net

Dear Nicholas,<br>
Tori and I are sitting here and reminiscing about our tour this morning and how much we both enjoyed it. We both wish to thank you for being our driver and companion today.<br>
Thank you also for showing us the pretty little village restaurant. The food was fantastic and it was by far the best meal we've had during our stay here.<br>
We wish you well and the very best and hope that some day in the future our paths will cross again.<br>
Take care.<br>
Kind regards,<br>
Pauline and Tori<br>
preidhk@yahoo.com

Hello Nicholas,<br>
We had a wonderful trip, and especially while we were in Rhodes. Michael was great and showed us all of the wonderful things about Rhodes. Please thank him for us. I plan to write a very nice review about your services on Trip Advisor. I will definitely be recommending you to all of my friends who travel to Greece.<br>
Many thanks.<br>
Barbara Adamski (Sept 16th)<br>
Barbara.Adamski@us.mcd.com

Dear Nicholas<br>
we have just returned from our trip and I wanted to take this opportunity to say thankyou, we had a lovely time and your tour was incredibly informative<br>
Many thanks<br>
Mandy Brandon (Sept 3rd)<br>
mandy@brandonfamily.co.uk

Nicholas:<br>
Dominick was great today. Enjoyed our time with him today. Thanks for your help with setting it up. Will be sure to post review when I'm back in US.<br>
Regards,<br>
Fred<br>
fred_lawson@sbcglobal.net

Dear Michael and Nicholas,<br>
We had a wonderful time during our visit in Rhodes. You have a beautiful city, beautiful beaches, loads of history, and wonderful hospitality.<br>
We got to see many attractions on your island in our very short visit. Michael was a very thorough tour driver, with tons of information, and we enjoyed a special treat at the end of our tour - A taste of your pastries.<br>
Thank you so much for a wonderful experience on the island of Rhodes and we will share your names with our families and friends who are traveling to your area.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Janet and Howard Katz<br>
Brenda and Richard Mandel (Aug 6th)<br>
janetkatz28@yahoo.com

Hi Nicholas<br>
I just wanted to send a note of thanks to you and your brother Michael for the arrangements made today. Our day exceeded expectation and Michael was a superb tour driver<br>
We are sitting at a Restaurant Michael recommended for us and have enjoyed a lovely authentic Greek meal. The family is lovely and the food is excellent!<br>
Kind regards<br>
Sue<br>
sue.turk@hotmail.com

Thank you very much for making our tour a very enjoyable experience. We will definitively recommend you and your services to our friends!<br>
Thank you Manuel for everything (July 26th)<br>
Best Regards<br>
Marta Loredo<br>
cbloredo@aol.com

Thanks you, Nick. We had an amazing time in Rhodes and can't wait to come back. Just wrote a positive review for you on Trip Advisor, will make sure to recommend you to everyone.<br>
Take care! (July 22nd)<br>
Kim<br>
Kim.Gold@chanelusa.com

Hi Nicholas:<br>
Thank you for such a terrific day. We thoroughly enjoyed our tour of Rhodes, along with the wonderful lunch and beach stop at the end of the day. I will be sure to recommend your services to any of my customers coming to Rhodes. I also plan to put a review on trip advisor asap.<br>
PS. I am trying your baked feta cheese recipe tonight! Let's hope it turns out<br>
Thanks again<br>
Penny Bond<br>
sales@silverfx.ca

Hi Nick, Just wanted to let you know I just posted a review on Tripadvisor. Thanks again for a great day and say hi to Michael for me.<br>
Warmest Regards, (July 19th)<br>
Alicia<br>
Alicia.Baylina@CenturyLink.com

Hi Nicholas. My wife and I really enjoyed the tours with your brother Michael. I found our conversations stimulating and his knowledge of the island very good and interesting.<br>
Kind regards (July 15th)<br>
Barry<br>
barry@benveniste.co.uk

Nick, Just to let you know that the tour in Rhodes was absolutely great!!<br>
The driver was well informed and quite a gentlemen. It's a pleasure doing business with you.<br>
Thanks again. Will try to do it again next year.<br>
Linda & Michael Becker<br>
beck88@comcast.net

Hi Nicholas,<br>
We are safely home in the USA. We had a wonderful trip, and one of the highlights was the day we spent with you.<br>
Thank you again for such an enjoyable time. (July 11th)<br>
Best wishes,<br>
Valerie, Larry and Emma<br>
vrcsmith@icloud.com

Thank you for a great tour today. The driver was most excellent.<br>
Bob Niedermuller<br>
niedermuller@earthlink.net

Hi Nick, Thank you very much for our phenomenal day during our vacation. As I think you know, our whole family enjoyed it tremendously. In fact, all four of us thought it was the best day of the trip, which was full of great days. I have tried to post a review on TripAdvisor, so that others can know how positive our experience was. I hope you and your family are well, and that we have a chance to come back to Rhodes. We have been telling all our friends how great it is and how they should visit!<br>
All best wishes, Ned (July 8th)<br>
nedfoley@gmail.com

Nicolas: Merci pour votre savoir faire et votre professionnalisme , nous avons été satisfaits de votre service et nous vous recommanderons.<br>
De la part des canadiens Merci!<br>
jomai865@yahoo.ca

Nicholas<br>
I meant to write to you sooner regarding our visit to Rhodes, but it has taken me a few days to get organized since returning home. I wanted to let you know how much we really enjoyed our tour and Chris! He was an excellent tour/driver; very knowledgeable and so eager to teach us about the area! We really enjoyed the island and all that we learned. If I am ever lucky enough to get to Rhodes again, I will definitely look you up for another tour!<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Candace Kirt<br>
jckirt@aol.com

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for the wonderful opportunity for our family to visit Rhodes. Our driver Andy was wonderful. We were lucky to have a local driver to show us around and to get to know more about the island. We would recommend Andy to others. We very much enjoyed our day with him. We loved Rhodes and hope to come back again one day.<br>
Regards, (June 22nd)<br>
Lauren<br>
Laurenmatthiesen@aol.com

We had a fabulous time! Thank you so much for the tour....and the special stop at the fishing village. If I have a chance to recommend you to anyone, I certainly will!<br>
Susan Scott<br>
suscott@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas,<br>
My parents enjoyed their tour with you.<br>
Thanks again. (June 21st)<br>
Suzanne<br>
Travel By Suzanne<br>
Palm City, Florida<br>
getaway@gate.net

Nicholas; Thank you and Michael. The trip was more than promised and in fact your brother's informative narration, excellent advice on wineries and safe driving made our trip beyond our expectations.<br>
Good luck in developing further Rhode tours and again " Ευχαριστούμε " for the excellent service.<br>
Best Regards;<br>
Louis Solana (June 20th)<br>
louissolana@yahoo.com

Nicholas and Michael, I agree completely with Louis and thank you very much. We had a great tour and time on beautiful Rhodes!<br>
Thank you,<br>
Russ Compton<br>
Russell.Compton@latimes.com

Dear Nicholas,<br>
We are very impressed with your service and after service. We wrote a very good review about your tour services on Tripadvisor!<br>
We had a great tour with Dominic! We made lots of photos and will watch again and again.<br>
Regards,<br>
Hans & Annelie Venema (June 20th)<br>
johannesvenema@bigpond.com

Nicholas,<br>
I must tell you we enjoyed our tours very much when we visited there recently. BOTH drivers were extremely nice and professional. I will certainly write a nice review of your company on trip advisor and will advise anyone to indeed use your services.<br>
Again, thank you for the services provided.<br>
Paulette Dungan<br>
poldungan@hotmail.com

Nicholas - thank you for checking on our tour. We had a wonderful time and Manuel was an amazing tour/driver.<br>
His love of Rhodes was very evident and we enjoyed our day with him tremendously.<br>
Should we find ourselves visiting Rhodes is the future, we will definitely call you again.<br>
Suzanne Ferrio (June 8th)<br>
sferrio@gmail.com
