---
title: '2014'
position: 10
year: 2014
---

Nicholas: We enjoyed our tour of Rhodes and will recommend your service to others. I especially enjoyed learning some details about the dubious history of the colossus and getting a brief pottery demonstration at the Savas pottery. We regret that we didn't buy a Pythagorean mug, but are happy with the small Savas pot we did buy!<br>
We wish you well, and thanks again for a fun and informative day...<br>
Jim Haas (Nov 21st)<br>
haasbjerke@charter.net

Hi there! We have both made it safely back to the United States! :)<br>
Thank you both Nicholas and Michael, for a lovely and memorable tour! Hopefully our paths will cross again!<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Mandy & Marilynn (Nov 20th)<br>
mmalain@outlook.com

Thanks, Nicholas. We had a great time. Your brother Michael was an excellent tour driver and we enjoyed his company very much.<br>
Kind regards,<br>
Donna Walker (Nov 8th)<br>
swissyrescue@att.net

Dear Nicholas,<br>
We had a wonderful tour from Dominic, and we learned a lot about Rhodes and Greece, and history, and culture.......Dominic gave us an excellent tour, including the Jewish heritage within Greek life, we learned a lot of cultural and social facts about Rhodes. At the end of the tour, he was very helpful in pointing out directions to the Jewish Museum/synagogue and the directions back to the ship. Thank you so much, and please give our best wishes to Dominic and his family. The island is beautiful, and I plan to get around to writing a very positive review of your services on Tripadvisor.<br>
Best wishes,<br>
Ellen and Robert Rosen (Nov 8th)<br>
famrosen@verizon.net

Nicholas, As a child, I was fascinated with the seven wonders of the ancient world and particularly the gigantic Colossus that stood over the harbor in Rhodes centuries ago. I had long been a wish of mine to visit Rhodes and see firsthand the wonders of this island. I would like you to know that the driving tour of Rhodes fully met my expectations and those of my companions as well. Michael was a friendly and knowledgeable tour driver. The historical buildings and old harbor were most interesting. The spectacular views of the two seas meeting and panoramic view of the Acropolis, the village and the port of Lindos provided us with a sensational photo opportunities.<br>
It was good meeting you personally at the meeting point, and thanks for making our visit to Rhodes so memorable.<br>
David W. Tees (Oct 21st)<br>
teesint@tx.rr.com

Hello Nicholas, We enjoyed our time in Rhodes, the tour was everything we had hoped for. Andrew was wonderful, gave us lots of information about the sights we saw. We loved our visit to your beautiful island .<br>
All the best,<br>
Colleen (Oct 20th)<br>
colleen-therrien@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas.<br>
Thank you! We had a wonderful day in Rhodes.<br>
Best wishes to you and your team<br>
Debbie<br>
dbakanec@juno.com

Hi Nicholas,<br>
We really enjoyed our time touring Rhodes and Lindos. Dominic was wonderful. He was helpful and shared lots of information with us.<br>
We would definitely recommend your service to anyone visiting Rhodes.<br>
Thanks,<br>
Ann<br>
aluch@aol.com

Hello Nicholas! Thank you so very much for the tour! It was a fantastic tour and my girlfriend and I had a fantastic time. Michael was full of information about the island and I had a great time talking to him and asking questions. It was nice to be able to understand the more traditional culture of those on the island rather than what all the tourists always see. And please let Michael know that his suggestion of the restaurant down the road from Sky in Kremasti was spot on and absolutely wonderful. By far the best meal I had in Rhodes.<br>
Again, thank you so much for the tour. It was well worth it and I would recommend it to anyone going to Rhodes that is interested in wines or wine tours.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Nathan (Oct 6th)<br>
kalendrinn@gmail.com

Dear Nicholas, I just wanted to say thank you to you and Sergio the driver for such a wonderful tour while we were in Rhodes. He explained so much, which we would not otherwise have known, we got to see so much beauty and such interesting places and it was so thoughtful to manage to drive us into the old city -- you are right I would not have managed to walk there. Never have we known such a thoughtful and helpful private tour, we will certainly recommend your service. Lunch was amazing too! We wish you both and your families well for the future and should we return to Rhodos will contact you again.<br>
With very best wishes<br>
Barbara and Tom Goodfellow<br>
goodfellow.family@btinternet.com

Hi Nick, Thanks we had a great time Robert really enjoyed the one on one. We have many happy memories from our trip. We have been back a week and still struggling with jet lag but life goes on and we will conquer it me quicker than Robert. We will not hesitate to recommend your trip in fact we did when we meet some people in turkey don't know if they ended going with you.<br>
Hope all is well.<br>
Carolyn & Robert (Oct 4th)<br>
wickedwitch50@icloud.com

Nicholas, We just completed our tour with Chris. He is an excellent tour driver with great information to share about your beautiful city /country. I would definitely recommend your services. Thank you for making our visit to Rhodes a truly pleasant experience.<br>
Don Hugill & Family (Oct 2nd)<br>
dshugill@hotmail.com

Hi Nick - I send you this photograph which you might like to pass on to Dominic, with our compliments. I didn't expect him to arrive in such a splendid limo- was this his personal taxi, or was this one of your fleet! Just a joke - his service was impeccable and we thoroughly enjoyed our excursion. I thought Rhodes looked prosperous and beautiful - there have been many changes since our last visit. I think we we were last on holiday on the island at least 20 years ago. Nextime we will try to spend more time and arrange for Dominic to drive us around again - particularly if he still has the same transport.<br>
Best regards - Brian (Sept 30th)<br>
brian.mulligan16@yahoo.com

Hi Nick, The rest of our vacation in Greece was wonderful, thank you. Everybody we met was warm and friendly. You have a beautiful country and the welcoming people made our visit very enjoyable.<br>
Our tour with you was a definite highlight. We all had a great time exploring Rhodes with you.<br>
If I know of anyone travelling to Rhodes I will make a point of recommending your tour.<br>
Barb and fellow travelers (29th Sept)<br>
Barb.Brinkhurst@huskyenergy.com

Hi Nicholas. We had a wonderful tour with Andrew! I will post a review on tripadvisor. Thank you for your tour service as it was great.<br>
Melanie (Sept 28th)<br>
melanie_carr@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas, We would like to thank you for sending us Christos as our tour / driver as he was excellent. We very highly recommend your services and definately Cristos.<br>
Thanks<br>
Keep well<br>
Maria (27th Sept)<br>
spice050@gmail.com

Nicholas, Thank you again for the incredible tour you gave Tracy and I on our recent trip to Rhodes. We were 100% satisfied and would not hesitate to recommend your service to anyone traveling to Rhodes. I'll definitely give you an excellent rating on Tripadvisor!<br>
Thanks again<br>
Julie Fielder (Sept 25th)<br>
Julie.L.Fielder@morganstanley.com

Hi All, We were very pleased and impressed with the service you gave us upon our arrival in Rhodes and with your Driver Sergio, he was very informative, kind and helpful, please pass on our kind regards to him. I will do a review for you when we are back in England. Once again thank you to everyone.<br>
Sincerely<br>
Janette and fellow passengers (19th Sept)<br>
jek56@blueyonder.co.uk

Thank you Nicholas. We had an amazing time. It was one of our best tours throughout our entire trip. John was great. Thank you for the professionalism and excellent service.<br>
seymour_kristina@bah.com

Hi Nicholas, just wanted to say a big thank you for the half day tour you provided for myself Sarah and Marcus on the 15th of August, it gave us a great introduction to your lovely Island.<br>
We learnt so many interesting facts from your brother Michael. I will be writing a review for trip advisor and recommending your services to others.<br>
Beverley Taylor (Aug 25th)<br>
beverleyjtaylor64@gmail.com

Thanks Nicholas, we had a great time in Rhodes and Andrew was a wonderful driver. We will recommend your services to anybody that want to visit Rhodes.<br>
Thanks again for a wonderful tour!<br>
Warmest regards, (Aug 15th)<br>
Swanny<br>
swannyestrada@hotmail.com

Dear Nicholas, We had a wonderful vacation in Greece and Turkey -- including our day in beautiful Rhodes -- and are now back at home in the US. Manuel was an excellent ambassador for your services and island. He was extremely knowledgeable, kind and thoughtful, and accommodating. We truly enjoyed our day with him. Please share our greetings and thanks with him.<br>
And thank you for arranging a wonderful day in Rhodes. We will certainly recommend you to any friends or relatives traveling to Rhodes.<br>
Best regards, (Aug 15th)<br>
Kirsten (and Mike, Elisabeth & Matthew)<br>
kirstenacl@gmail.com

Hi Nicholas,<br>
I just wanted to let you know that we had a fantastic tour with Giannis (not sure of spelling). What a nice man! He went above and beyond and made it a wonderful experience for my family.<br>
Please send him our best wishes.<br>
All the best<br>
Len<br>
lenwalt@rogers.com

Hi Nicholas, Thank you for the lovely wonderful excursion. Thank you and we would be happy to refer you to our friends and family.<br>
Have a nice day. (Aug 12th)<br>
Christine<br>
kelly@flowerplusonbayview.com

Dear Nicholas,<br>
We had a wonderful tour on the beautiful Island of Rhodes. Your firm lived up to the quality we expected. Manuel was very knowledgeable and informative; and he was a joy to be with. Our tour was much more than we would have gotten through the cruise ship. We will be posting very favorable comments on both Trip Advisor and Cruise Critic so future travelers have the opportunity to use your service.<br>
Thank you for giving us a wonderful taste of the Island of Rhodes.<br>
Kindest regards, (Aug 9th)<br>
John Walter<br>
jcwalter@charter.net

Dear Nick, Thank YOU for making our trip to Rhodes so very enjoyable and memorable. The tour you gave us of Rhodes was my family's very favorite of the entire trip! We enjoyed you and the other driver Stathis very much. We appreciated the extra time you spent with us at the Restaurant in Haraki, and the opportunity for the girls to swim at the beach. Your choice of the restaurant was fantastic! We all had a great view, wonderful food, and the best calamari ever!<br>
We also appreciated the stop at the ceramics factory / showroom - it was very interesting and provided an opportunity for the girls to shop for unique souvenirs.<br>
Again, thank you for providing us with such a wonderful tour / drive of Rhodes - it was very scenic and the memory of Rhodes will stay with us forever!<br>
Very best regards,<br>
Joe Iacangelo (Aug 5th)<br>
JIacangelo@ec.rr.com

Hi Nicholas,<br>
Thank you for a wonderful day today. I will be reviewing you on Trip Advisor as promised. We learnt so much from you today - and we'll never forget the origins of efkharisto (though I think my spelling is wrong).<br>
best regards,<br>
Valerie, Kevin, Michael and Glynis (Aug 4th)<br>
kone9867@iinet.net.au

Thank you for your service. We truly enjoyed our time in Rhodes and Dominic was excellent. We will definitely recommend you to others. If we come to Rhodes again we will definitely contact you again.<br>
Thanks for the excellent day!<br>
Rise (July 26th)<br>
risewegler120@hotmail.com

Hello - We loved Manuel and our tour. We would recommend your company and Manuel to anyone, and we would love to visit Rhodes again and have another tour!<br>
Thank you.<br>
Theresa (July 19th)<br>
theresashanson@yahoo.com

Dear Nicholas, We had such an amazing vacation and of all the beautiful places we visited in Greece, Rhodes was our favorite. We had such a wonderful day and tour, my only complaint is we did not get to spend enough time in Rhodes!<br>
Thank you again for your hospitality.<br>
Kristen Gannon (July 17th)<br>
kwgannon@gmail.com

Hi- We are back home now and wanted to follow up regarding our wonderful driver while we were in Rhodes in June. Manouel toured us around Rhodes and he was really terrrific- polite, knowledgeable and helpful. My husband and I will definitely recommend him and your services for friends and family who may be travelling to Rhodes.<br>
Best regards<br>
Hannah Rosen (July 10th)<br>
hrosen246@hotmail.com

Thank you, Nicholas. We had a great time and enjoyed the tour very much. I will for sure recommend your services to friends and family.<br>
Best regards,<br>
May (Jyly 7th)<br>
mayllelis@gmail.com

Hello, We had a wonderful tour with our driver Manuel! Thank you for the follow up e-mail and your good wishes. We enjoyed touring Rhodes even though it was just a day. We had a nice lunch after the tour and had some time to do a little shopping. We are just getting back to our normal schedule at home. It seems like a dream seeing the different beautiful places in Greece. We will recommend your services to other travelers to Rhodes and on trip advisor.<br>
Best regards,<br>
Anthony and Grace Cifelli (July 7th)<br>
tgcifelli@optonline.net

Thanks guys - had a great time with Dominic in Rodos. Thoroughly enjoyed all of our stops in Greece - hope to be back some day!<br>
David Blumgart (July 6th)<br>
blumies1@gmail.com

Nicholas: Wanted to e-mail and let you know that our tour on June 25 with Michael was wonderful. He was so personable, answered lots of our questions, was extremely knowledgeable and made us feel completely at home. We saw so many more parts of Rhodes that we hadn't seen on our previous visit.<br>
Our drive to and from Lindos was great....different road on the way back so we could see all the beautiful hotels. We also enjoyed Lindos and the special stop where the tour buses couldn't go...also the pick up and drop off place in Lindos was great as we avoided the long walk.<br>
Your services will be recommended to any of my friends who might be going to Rhodes.<br>
Thank you again. (July 3rd)<br>
Stephanie & Johnny Iglehart<br>
mrssbi@aol.com

Thank you Nicholas for the wonderful experience we had during our tour with Michael. He made the day great and we loved every minute of it.<br>
Please thank him again from both pam and myself.<br>
I put a review on trip advisor recommending your services to all.<br>
Gwen (June 30th)<br>
gwenyoung2008@hotmail.com

Hello Nicholas, We had a wonderful tour with Dominic today. He was an informative and patient driver. Excellent service!!<br>
Thank you,<br>
Jasamin Rostam-Kolayi, Ph.D.<br>
jrostam@fullerton.edu

Hi Nicholas, Just wanted to let you know how much we enjoyed the tour you set up for us. Our driver Christ was knowledgeable and personable.<br>
Thanks again.<br>
Chuck (June 22nd)<br>
chuckpotts1@yahoo.com

Dear Nicholas, It was the BEST day ever!! If you ask any of my participants they would say Rhodes was their favorite island because it was all day and so relaxing. Getting off the ship and seeing your 5 Mercedes all lined up for us was WONDERFUL!! We adored the sight seeing, the Acropolis of Lindos, the donkey rides, but MOST OF ALL the seafood lunch at ARGOS. Fun swimming in the Mediterranean too.<br>
Thank you for setting up such a fine itinerary.<br>
With my very best regards, Pamela<br>
Pamela Sexton, Managing Director/Owner (June 18th)<br>
Fashion Perspective Tours<br>
P.O. Box 444<br>
Rockville, VA 23146-0444<br>
804-501-6605<br>
www.fashionperspectivetours.com

Dear Nicholas, On behalf of our family group, I would like to express how much we enjoyed our tour of Rhodes. Both of our drivers were very knowledgeable and certainly made our short time in Rhodes a lovely experience.<br>
Kind Regards,<br>
Jocelyn<br>
jmmorris@cscl.ca

Hi Nicholas. We all enjoyed your tour and I have passed your information on to my travel agent for her reference. We had a wonderful time in Greece and safe travels home.<br>
Thank you again for making our trip to Rhodes so enjoyable.<br>
Regards,<br>
Susan (June 11th)<br>
snewman1116@gmail.com

Hello, Just want to thank you for a wonderful tour of the west coast. Our driver Yannis was excellent. Very friendly, very knowledgeable, just an absolute great guy. I will write a more detailed review on tripadvisor when I have time, but it's definitely a 5 star experience!<br>
Laurent<br>
laurent8@gmail.com

Dear Nicholas, I am glad that you received a Certificate of Excellence on TripAdvisor, which is well deserved. I just submitted a review of my tour to TripAdvisor. Of course it is a five-star review. We had a great time thanks to you and Michael.<br>
Best,<br>
Sally (June 6th)<br>
sally.liao1@gmail.com

Nicholas Thank you! Vasilis was terrific.<br>
We will be happy to recommend you to friends and family who may be traveling to Rhodes in the future.<br>
Fay and Mitchell (June 2nd)<br>
FayKaye@comcast.net

Nicholas, We had a great vacation overall, and our time in Rhodes was made even better due to using your services, and we really appreciated Michael's special, personal touch he put on our tour.<br>
We will definitely recommend you to anyone we know visiting your island.<br>
Best regards,<br>
Richard and Leslie (June 1st)<br>
richard.redhead@sbcglobal.net