---
title: '2015'
position: 9
year: 2015
---

Hi Nicholas, thank you for the wonderful time!!<br>
Ryan (Dec 12th)<br>

Hello Nicholas, The tour you gave us was the highlight of our trip. Rhodes is a spectacular island and your deep knowledge of its history was appreciated by all. The trip to the winery was special.<br>
Who knew we could fit so much sightseeing into 5 hours.<br>
If you ever come to the USA please come west to San Diego. We will meet you here and return your hospitality.<br>
Thank you for a great time. Rhodes Private Tours is simply the best way to see the island of Rhodes.<br>
Philip DeSantis (Nov 18th)<br>

Hi Nicholas, Just wanted to let you know Dale and I have returned to Canada and I just finished writing a review in Tripadvisor about our visit and Michael. Thanks again for an amazing tour, we'll remember it for a life time.<br>
Regards,<br>
Ron. (Nov 17th)<br>

Hi Nicholas, Thank you for the excellent service. It was great meeting you. I will be sure to let you know when I will be back in Rhodes! Have a great holiday.<br>
Best,<br>
Michael Chinnici<br>

Nicholas, Thank you the tour was wonderful! We are still jet-lagged, but we will be posting a positive review on Trip Advisor as soon as we gather our wits!<br>
Eileen<br>

Nicholas, Arrived home last night and wanted to thank you for an excellent visit to Rhodes. Our driver was very professional and personable! Please share our comments with the driver who did an excellent job!<br>
Tom & Juanita (Nov 10th)<br>

Nicholas, We had a wonderful time visiting your beautiful island of Rhodes. It was very special and emotional for me to visit Rhodes again. I am most grateful for the time that you and Sergio spent to research and organize our tour.<br>
Best regards,<br>
Linda (Nov 3rd)<br>

Nicholas Thank you so much. We enjoyed the tour so much, and Augustis was the best tour/driver ever.<br>
Have a nice day<br>
Frederic<br>

Dear Nick, Thank you so much for making Alison and my day in Rhodes memorable. We really enjoyed the places we saw and all of the details that you shared with us. Thanks again and we will definitely recommend you to all of our friends who are headed to Greece.<br>
Sincerely<br>
Heather and Alison (Nov 2nd)<br>

Estimado Nicholas, Muchas gracias por hacernos agradable e interesante nuestra visita a su hermosa Isla de Rodas.<br>
Nuestro tour fué muy bonito, comimos muy bien en un restaurante con una vista maravillosa en la cual tuvimos el agrado de encontrarnos con usted; tomamos unas hermosas fotos que esperamos ver con más tranquilidad. Muchas gracias por designarnos un guia experto y muy educado, por favor hágale llegar nuestros saludos.<br>
Hasta una nueva visita!<br>
Rodrigo Castillo (27 Oct)<br>

Dear Nicholas, We have returned to our busy lives in New Zealand but I will put a review on Trip Advisor -- Chris, John, Pete and I had a very enjoyable day out with Michael, Rhodes is a lovely island with so many places to see. Please pass our thanks on to Michael.<br>
With kind regards<br>
Ailsa Gillin (Oct 22nd)<br>

Thank you so much Nicholas. Our tour was fantastic and Giannis was so knowledgeable. We will recommend your services highly on Trip Advisor.<br>
Debi (Oct 22nd)<br>

Nicholas, Thank you it was a great day with Andrew! We loved Rhodes and will recommend your services.<br>
Thanks again!<br>
Isabela (Oct 21st)<br>

Nicholas, Just wanted to tell you we enjoyed our time very much and we were so happy with our driver Augustis. Being able to do laundry was a huge bonus. Thank you! The island of Rhodes is beautiful.<br>
Amanda (Oct 19th)<br>

Hi Nicholas, We just got home 2 days ago.....after a 25 hour journey from Positano to Los Angeles. We had a wonderful time on your island......it is beautiul and Stergos was excellent. Our small travel group of 4 all agreed that of all the locations in Greece that we visited...Rhodes was the absolute best and we would definitely consider visiting again.<br>
Give our best to Stergos and many thanks for the EXCELLENT service you provided us.<br>
Thanks,<br>
David (Oct 16th)<br>

Hi Nicholas, I just wanted to drop you an email to commend the driver we had on our recent tour of Rhodes. Mick was fantastic. He not only provided great information on Rhodes but was very personable. We went searching for the remains of my Grandmother's family home in Gennadio and thanks to Mick, we also found living relatives. Mick was able to translate our conversation (as we do not speak the language). It was a day that we will never forget, finding the first cousin's of my mother and being able to converse, through Mick, made our day. One of the most special days of our lives. Without Mick we would not have inquired at the local store, found the relatives and been able to communicate with the relatives. We were also appreciative that Mick was able to extend the tour time we had to change from a half day to a full day. Great service!!!!<br>
Regards<br>
Conrad and family<br>

Hi Nicholas, We have just returned back home to Australia. Thank you very much we had a great time, actually the day we spent with you was a hightlight of our holiday. We love your beautiful island and hope to return one day. if we know anyone heading over to Rhodes we will be telling them to use your service...its a must!!!<br>
Thank you for leaving us with great memories of beautiful Rhodes.<br>
Thanks again<br>
Sarah (Oct 14th)<br>

Dear Nicholas, We had a very enjoyable tour and Manuel was the perfect driver and guide. We would certainly use you again on our next visit to Rhodes, (though we have yet to plan it.) And thank you also for arranging for us to share with Karen and Rich. They were wonderful companions and we were delighted to have their company for the day; they were an added to bonus to the trip.<br>
Kind regards,<br>
Peter (Oct 13th)<br>

Thank you Nicholas. We loved the tour! Michael was perfect! Please say thanks from us! Will leave a positive note on Trip Advisor as soon as we get a chance!<br>
Martha and Steve (Oct 12th)<br>

Hi Nicholas, We loved our excursion, Manuel & Rhodes!!<br>
Thank you for a fabulous day! When we return home I will write a great review for your services on Trip Advisor!<br>
Bernadine (Oct 11th)<br>

Thank you very much for a wonderful tour. We loved Rhodes and would definitely recommend your services. Our driver was also very pleasant which added to the positive experience.<br>
Regards<br>
Anusha (Oct 9th)<br>
anusha.harinath@gmail.com

Hi Nicholas, We had a great time on the rest of our vacation. The wine tasting tour was brilliant and my wife was really impressed (it was her birthday present). It was really nice to meet you and I hope you have a nice break over the winter.<br>
Thank you<br>
David (Oct 8th)<br>
spencer1985@hotmail.co.uk

Hello Nicholas, We had a wonderful day in Rhodes with Augustis our driver. He took us to a lovely seaside seafood restaurant in a little village. We really enjoyed the tour<br>
Thank you<br>
Eric and Liz (Oct 5th)<br>
schonthal@yahoo.com

Hi Manuel, Thank you for a lovely tour -- all four of us enjoyed the day enormously, you were an interesting guide and driver, we enjoyed seeing the Best of Rhodes with you. I have just completed a review of our day in Rhodes and Rhodes Private Tours giving you and your services an excellent rating and recommending you to other cruisers coming to Rhodes.<br>
Thanks for looking after us so well,<br>
Lyndel and Noel<br>
lyndel.hewitt@bigpond.com

Hi Nicholas, We used your service at end of August and had a fantastic day tour with Stergos. I just wanted to let you know that I have just completed a Trip Adviser review, sorry it took so long! We had a wonderful day and it helped make our holiday very memorable. Please pass on our best regards to Stergos.<br>
Regards,<br>
tha, Miles and David Booy<br>
booy@hotmail.com

Thank you Nicholas! We had a great time and hope to return to Rhodes someday.<br>
Nicole Shalette<br>
nshalette@nyc.rr.com

Dear Nicholas, We just arrived back home yesterday. We had a great day with Michael and are thankful for the beautiful tour of the island! We had a great holiday at Rodos and are hopeful to be back again in the future. We'll be recommending your services to our friends as we felt that the tour with Michael was very helpful in grasping the island history and beauty.<br>
Please give our warm regards to Michael, we wish you and your business very best!<br>
Thanks and best regards,<br>
Marijana (Oct 3rd)<br>
marijanagolubovic@hotmail.com

Nicholas, We had a wonderful time in Rhodes and Sergio was a great, very knowledgeable and friendly tour driver. We will be putting a positive review on the website and will recommend you tours to anyone traveling to Rhodes.<br>
Thanks, Timoney and Bergs (Oct 3rd)<br>
ltimoney@austin.rr.com

Nicholas. It was an amazing tour, we loved it! A real highlight of our trip to Rhodes thank you! We will definitely be back hopefully next year. Once again thank you for sharing your passion and knowledge of Rhodes<br>
Rebecca (Oct 2nd)<br>
beckmarchant@hotmail.com

Nicholas, Thank you so much! Michael was wonderful. We had an excellent day with him! We saw exactly what we wanted to see and had a lovely lunch too. We will definitely write a review for you guys and will always recommend you and Michael.<br>
Best wishes always,<br>
Pam (Oct 1st)<br>
pamrosshomes@gmail.com

We have, infortunly closed our day with Mr Augustis<br>
First thanks to him. He was a very pleasant man. We enjoy a lot this trip with him.<br>
And second, this program was very good. Thanks a lot for this day<br>
Best regards to You and Mr Augustis from Brigitte and Philippe<br>
Brigitte ROZIERES (Sept 29th)<br>
brigitterozieres@gmail.com

Hi Nicholas, Thank you for a wonderful tour of Rhodes! We really enjoyed our day there. I just wrote a review on tripadvisor for you - hopefully others will be able to enjoy your wonderful tour as well. Thank you! (Sept 28th)<br>
Lcropper77@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas. Thank you so much. We had a wonderful tour.<br>
Best Regards<br>
Linda Putnam (Sept 25th)<br>
lin.jambo@gmail.com

Dear Nicholas, Thank you very much for a great and pleasant trip to Rhodes; we enjoyed it very much; thanks to you and Michael. We are looking forward to our next trip to Rhodes; we will certainly recommend your service to all our friends.<br>
Best Regards.<br>
Issa Francis (Sept 23rd)<br>
balouza@yahoo.com

Hi Nicholas, We had an awesome day! We found you from TripAdvisor so we will be sure to add an excellent 5 star review of our own too.<br>
Thanks so much!<br>
Autumn (Sept 23rd)<br>
autumn.zandt@gmail.com

Dear Nicholas and Manuel, We had a lovely day with Manuel and thoroughly enjoyed our tour. Manuel was a very good driver-guide, ensuring that we made the most out of our trip. He was knowledgeable and friendly and we would highly recommend your services!!<br>
Kind regards<br>
Elaine (Sept 22nd)<br>
mrs.elaine.logan@gmail.com

Nicholas, thanks to you and Michael for a day we will never forget in your beautiful country! We especially appreciated that Michael took good care of my Dad when we walked to the top of the Acropolis<br>
I already went on Tripadvisor and gave you a great review and we will recommend you to any friends traveling to the area.<br>
Best of everything to you an Michael!<br>
Karyn, Andy and Trevor (Sept 21st)<br>
klusskin@yahoo.com

Nicholas, thanks very much for organizing a wonderful day for us. Yes, our driver Augustis was very informative about the whole island, plus paced the tour so that he wasn't rushing, nor was he lagging at any time. I will be putting in a great review with "Trip Advisor".... If I hear of any one coming to Rhodes, I'll make sure they touch base and use your services.<br>
Bruce/Laura (Sept 21st)<br>
lvcruizin@gmail.com

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for an enjoyable tour, Michael and Manuel were very hospitable and polite. We will recommend your services to others.<br>
Kind regards,<br>
Jeny & Gordon Brooks (Sept 20th)<br>
brooks5455@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas. First and foremost, thank you so much for all your services and for our wonderful day with Andrew. He was superb and we enjoyed our time with him very, very much.<br>
Please give him our best. I'll be posting to TripAdvisor, with accolades to your services and to restaurant. All the best to you, as well!<br>
Deb Johnson (Sept 19th)<br>
enjoyzcoke@gmail.com

Hi Nicholas, Excellent tour. We will recommend your services<br>
Thank you<br>
EP (Sept 14th)<br>
earl.peeples@att.net

Hi Nicholas, We enjoyed a lot and now back to work!!!!<br>
Thanks for everything. I already placed a recommendation on tripadvisor!!!<br>
All the best for you and for your family!!<br>
Take care,<br>
Hugo Loureiro (Sept 6th)<br>
hloureiro@sendit.pt

Thank you Nicholas, we had a great day with Michael.<br>
Regards,<br>
Karen (Sept 5th)<br>
karenhaga@icloud.com

Hello there I will be doing a TripAdvisor review in a couple of days now I am home once I am settled. Amazing service great knowledge<br>
Grant Marchant (Sept 1st)<br>
grant.marchant@yahoo.co.uk

Hi Nicholas, Thank you. We had a great time. All the best.<br>
Carla (Sept 1st)<br>
carlaspear@yahoo.com

Dear Nicholas, We enjoyed the tour with Michael very much. He was an excellent driver and we LOVED your island.<br>
I would certainly recommend your services for any of my friends.<br>
Thank You,June McCoy (Aug 28th)<br>
mccoyvln@sbcglobal.net

Nicholas, Thank you so much for your services. Our family had a wonderful time and the tour/drivers were wonderful! We would like to give you guys a wonderful review on TripAdvisor.<br>
And we will be doing that soon. Thank you so much!<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Viran and Pooja Patel (Aug 24th)<br>
viranpooja@hotmail.com

Dear Nicholas, Just wanted to let you know what an outstanding job our tour driver - Michael did for us. Seeing Rhodes on a private tour and stopping for the length of time at places that we wanted to - and at the end going up to the highest peak to the monastery made it worthwhile to pay for the additional hour added to our half day tour of Rhodes. Your services gave us a good reason to want to come again to Rhodes and stay longer next time! Thank you for the great day we had and give Michael a raise - he did a great job! :)<br>
All the Best,<br>
Nick, Stephanie and Jeremy (Aug 23rd)<br>
sambarakos@comcast.net

Hi Nicholas, Back now to Dublin. Temperatures only 19 degrees! Many thanks again for your tour and insights. Recommended you to a number of people in hotel. Going to try out the feta cheese recipe on BBQ.<br>
Wishing you the best<br>
Sandra (Aug 21st)<br>
smmollen@gmail.com

Thank you Nicholas, Michael was an excellent driver and we really enjoyed our "Best of Rhodes" day. It was wonderful to have the added hour at St. Paul Bay beach too.<br>
Best regards,<br>
Karen and Family (Aug 15th)<br>
karen.andrews@shaw.ca

Hi Nicholas, We are now back home and would like to thank you and your drivers fro an enjoyable day on Rhodes. We saw all that we expected and had an great lunch beside the sea, in particular the fish was excellent. Please give our thanks to the drivers and we would recommend your services to visitors to The island.<br>
Regards,<br>
Collin and party (Aug 13th)<br>
collink64@gmail.com

Nicholas: We just arrived back home yesterday. We really enjoyed our tour with Emanuel. He was really great!! The tour of Rhodes was wonderful, what a beautiful place.<br>
Thank you,<br>
Megan (Aug 8th)<br>
megcastellon@yahoo.com

Nicholas,<br>
We had a lovely day in Rhodes with Dominic. He was very accommodating and we truly appreciate that. He was very pleasant to be with and he was very informative. We enjoyed his company and his knowledge. Please give him our best and we will be sure to recommend you to others who may be visiting Rhodes.<br>
Best Regards<br>
Teresa and Jim Breininger (Aug 8th)<br>
tfbrein@gmail.com

Nicholas thanks to you and your team of your drivers .... My family & friends were well satisfied with your services...<br>
Rhodes is a beautiful place!<br>
Regards<br>
Alan Jaffe<br>
alan_jaffe@xtra.co.nz

HEY NICK!!! I just added a review of you on trip advisor. You were great. I wish all of our drivers had been as enjoyable and informative as u. Again -- thanks so much for a great day in Rhodes.<br>
Bev Eger (Aug 7th)<br>
davideger@live.com

Hi, Nicholas, Rhodes was one of our favorite places in Greece, and that was very much due to Yannis. Please thank him again for showing us your beautiful island!<br>
Best regards,<br>
Stephanie<br>
steph1chris@yahoo.com

Dear Nicholas, We had a great time with your brother and we will definately come back to Rhodes and make use of your services. I have a restaurant in Germany and I already reccommended you to a lot of my customers and I will leave a positive comment online as well. Thank you very much and have a good summer.<br>
Say Hi to your brother<br>
Sabrina & James (Aug 2nd)<br>
sabrina.botteri@gmail.com

Cheers from Texas Nicholas - we had a wonderful visit to Rhodes and all of Greece. It was definitely a trip of a lifetime. And hopefully one day we can come back for another visit!!! I just wanted to let you know that we received our pottery in wonderful condition - all in tact!!! Now I wish I had ordered more!! Also - thank you so much for the restaurant recommendation. It was a wonderful stop for lunch.<br>
Ready for another vacation<br>
Susan & Terry<br>
tperk1@verizon.net

Hi Nicholas, I just wanted to thank you for helping me plan this tour. Stergos did an excellent job, and we were happy to have him as our driver.<br>
Best Regards<br>
N. Zafiropoulos (July 31st)<br>
niko1981@gmail.com

Thank you sooo much for your service!<br>
We had a great time in Rhodes with Alex and Jon!<br>
Jennifer (July 28th)<br>
7cctravel@gmail.com

Nichola, thanks you for providing my family the best taxi service on Rhodes. Our drivers were friendly, courteous and caring. We had a great time on Rhodes, and will return for a land tour instead of cruise.<br>
Shital<br>
shital1222@gmail.com

Thanks, Nicholas. We have just returned to Baltimore, home of a large Greek community. We enjoyed our trip very much. Please that Giannis for us, as well.<br>
Best regard,<br>
Mike Saxon<br>
michael.saxon@outlook.com

You are welcome Nicholas. It was a great tour and we enjoyed our time in Rhodes.<br>
Best regards,<br>
Robert<br>
robert.neil@verizon.net

Hi Nicholas, Thank you, Dominic, and Costas for a wonderful day in Rhodes. I submitted a review on Trip Adviser today. Hopefully, it will get posted shortly.<br>
We will recommend you to any friends traveling to Rhodes.<br>
Best regards,<br>
Adrienne (July 25th)<br>
adrienne@atsaur.com

Nicholas, You and your tour was one of the highlights of our trip. I can't say enough about how much we enjoyed it. I intend to sing your praises on Trip Advisor so that those who who are thinking of a vacation to your wonderful country do not miss Rhodes and your tour. Thanks again for a memorable experience<br>
Mark<br>
saxhead44@aol.com

Hi Nicholas. Many thanks to you personally for helping make Beth's 60th Birthday such a wonderful occasion. We appreciated your courtesy, the comfort of the car and your vast knowledge and commentary during our tour. Your planned visit to that restaurant was wonderful and I would appreciate you passing on our thanks to the team there when next you are there. We both sincerely hope that you weather the current financial crisis which is enveloping Greece at the moment and continue to be able to provide your wonderful tours.<br>
Regards<br>
Andrew & Beth. (12th of July)<br>
andrewgee@clear.net.nz

Nicholas, Thank you so much! We thoroughly enjoyed our tour with Mike and Alex! They were very knowledgeable and kind. We had an amazing trip and hope to visit again.<br>
Thank you,<br>
Jennifer<br>
jen_ash78@yahoo.com

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for a wonderful day & customized tour of Rhodes with Dominic. He was a wonderful host & we enjoyed ourselves very much. He was very patient with my mother and sensitive to her limits. We would absolutely recommend your service to others.<br>
All the best,<br>
Kim Hasenauer (July 7th)<br>
khas3chikas@gmail.com

Nicholas, A big thank you to you and to Manuel. We had a wonderful time with Manuel and can't say enough about how much we appreciated the time we had. I will keep you in my list of must use this company when going to Rhodes and would be happy to post you on my website.<br>
Big happy hugs from us<br>
Cheryl (July 4th)<br>
cgagon@msn.com

Nicholas, Thank you for a wonderful day in Rhodes! We all enjoyed it so much.<br>
Deryl & Vicki Hilliard (July 4th)<br>
derylhilliard@bellsouth.net

Hi Nicholas, We had a great time and look forward to coming back to Greece soon. Hope all goes well for Greece and all of you. Our prayers are with the greek people.<br>
Nikhil Bhat (July 1st)<br>
nikhilbhat@outlook.com

Hi Nicholas, Thank you for your services. We greatly enjoyed your tour, it was more than we had anticipated. The lunch spot was memorable as was everywhere you took us.<br>
Warm regards<br>
Geoff & Mary McManus<br>
gmmcmanus@bigpond.com

Hello,Thank you for the lovely tour. My family enjoyed it very much!<br>
Sofia<br>
sofiaoja@mappi.helsinki.fi

Nicholas, Thanks to you and Stathis - we really enjoyed our day in Rhodes.<br>
Best Regards<br>
Hennie<br>
hennievg1@mac.com

Hi Nick, Just so you know - we loved Dominick. He is a great guide and a great person.<br>
Merle (July 1st)<br>
merzee@aol.com

Nicholas, We so enjoyed your beautiful island of Rhodes. You are very lucky to live there. This whole trip was the dream of a lifetime. Michael did a very good job in showing us all of the wonderful places in Rhodes. We wish you well and great success in your touring business.<br>
Sandy Slater<br>
slatertea@centurylink.net

Nicholas,. We had a wonderful time in Rhodes and the other places in Greece where we traveled. We also appreciated the wonderful service provided by the drivers Mike and Michael.<br>
Regards,<br>
Yvonne (June 27th)<br>
kisiel@comcast.net

Nicholas, Thank you so much for providing a wonderful tour. It was one of our best days in Greece. We loved it!!!<br>
Thank you.<br>
Trupti<br>
pateltrupti4@yahoo.com

Nicholas, Thank you for everything. We had such a great day with Dominic it was a highlight of our entire trip. He is a real gem. We absolutely loved him. Please send Dominic our regards and let him know we will look for him again when we come back to Rhodes!<br>
Wonderful tour, WONDERFUL driver!<br>
Zack Holloway (June 22nd)<br>
zhollow65@yahoo.com

Hi Nicholas, We had a great tour with Stathis! Hope he is doing well. I will certainly put a great review for you guys on TripAdvisor and will certainly recommend your service to friends or family!<br>
Take care! Will certainly call you again if we are in Rhodes again!<br>
Thanks<br>
Sandra, Dave, Vi and Lorna! (June 22nd)<br>
srideout@bellaliant.net

Nicholas.. My family and I took a wine tour of Rhodes with you on June 10. It was booked by my wife, Kerri. We had a wonderful time and I want to write a good review for you in TripAdvisor. Thanks to you and your team for helping to make our European trip a wonderful experience.<br>
Alan Tiedeman<br>
Oklahoma, USA<br>
atiedeman@cox.net

Congrats on the TripAdvisor Excellence Award.<br>
You guys deserve it.<br>
Regards<br>
Quinton<br>
qhills11@gmail.com

Hi Nicholas, thanks to Michael we had a great day. I submitted my comments to Trip Advisor today<br>
Robert (June 17th)<br>
recrowe@cox.net

Hi Nicholas, Stergos was a fantastic driver and friend during our day long tour of Rhodes. Thank you! I will write a detailed review on Tripadvisor when I return back from our fantastic Greece vacation. Your service is top notch!<br>
Cheers,<br>
Nikhil<br>
nikhilbhat@outlook.com

Hi. We just arrived in Vancouver. We had a great tour and will certainly recommend your service. Hello to Augustis and all the best to all of you. Take care.<br>
Issah, (June 14th)<br>
harwoodpit@hotmail.com

Nicholas: We really did enjoy our tour of Rhodes. Please pass along our sincere appreciation to Sergio and Stathis.<br>
Thank you!<br>
Jerry<br>
geraldowen@sbcglobal.net

Nick: I posted a review of our tour on Trip Advisor. I gave it 5 stars. Giannis was a great tour/driver and you were very responsive to our emails.<br>
Thank You<br>
Jim Monagle (June 11th)<br>
jemonagle@gmail.com

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for your kind thoughts. We had a marvellous tour of Rhodes with Sergio. It was put together with such a lot of thought to make it comfortable for us to see as much as we could in our limited time. Sergio is a wonderful driver and gave us a very pleasant day. I will make sure I give you all an excellent review on Trip Advisor.<br>
Thankyou very much,<br>
Kind regards,<br>
Marie Warnecke<br>
sea2holm@bigpond.com

Hi Nicholas. Stathis was a terrific tour/driver. I hope that we were as entertaining for him as he was for us. Please tell him that we enjoyed his company.....and especially my 'pottery lessons'.<br>
Regards<br>
Ray (June 9th)<br>
kruszynskiray@gmail.com

Nicholas: The day in Rhodes was fantastic and so was Stergos!!!<br>
I plan on writing a great review for you and your service for Trip Advisor to recommend you to everyone!!<br>
Thanks again<br>
Robert (June 6th)<br>
rsgeye@gmail.com

Hello, we just returned home a couple days ago. We had a wonderful trip. Regarding the tour in Rhodes, it was a highlight for us. Dominic was wonderful, it was a pleasure spending the day with him. Please give him our best regards.<br>
Thank you.<br>
Harriet & Joe (June 6th)<br>
hmerjan@sbcglobal.net

Hi Nicholas, We had a blast-thanks for making it fun. We had terrific vacation and hope to make it back sometime! I'll be sure to remember you too for my clients!<br>
Take care,<br>
Mary (June 5th)<br>
mbruedinger@gmail.com

Nicholas: Thank YOU for a wonderful tour. We learned a lot and had a great time.<br>
Gretchen<br>
harpist@hot.rr.com

Nicolas, what a wonderful day we had! Dominic was just a great host, lots of fun and full of knowledge. I will write more on Trip advisor, but I just wanted to thank you both for a very special introduction to your beautiful island!<br>
Robin<br>
robinf@travelplaceinc.com

Hi Nicolas. We had the greatest day in Rhodes. Your brother Michael was a great driver and as we were tired of castles etc. he did not make us walk up all those steps at Lindos. The lunch was superb. We will certainly recommend your tours to other friends.<br>
Best Regards,<br>
Bev and Bill Manning (May 30th)<br>
barra08@bigpond.com

Nicholas, I just wanted to thank you and especially Stathis for making our stop in Rhodes so special. He was very friendly and knowledgable and we all enjoyed our time in Rhodes. I would highly recommend your services to any of my family or friends that would visit your beautiful island.<br>
Again thanks for making our vacation so special.<br>
Carol Sutton (May 26th)<br>
Cas6042@aol.com

Nicholas, Thank you and Manuel for showing Rhodes to us.<br>
St Paul's bay is absolutely beautiful<br>
Regards,<br>
David (May 25th)<br>
davidchen@singnet.com.sg

Hi Nicholas! We made it home in good shape and are still remembering the wonderful day we spent with you in Rhodes. We are very busy at the moment, but I hope to submit a review on Tripadvisor in the next week or so. It will be our pleasure to share our thoughts about the tour you arranged for us. In the meantime, take care and keep on doing what you do so well--introducing people to your beautiful island.<br>
Best regards,<br>
Sherry & John (May 24th)<br>
yanksmich@aol.com

Dear Nicholas, Bernie and I had a great time with Mike. He was very knowledgeable and showed us some great sites. We just got back to the states last evening and had a great rest of our trip. Now back to reality. I plan on doing a review on trip advisor within the next week.<br>
Thanks again<br>
Sandy (May 21st)<br>
sandykace@aol.com

Hi Nicholas. I am writing to let you know what a great time we had on our tour and our driver Christ was just great.<br>
Thanks Ron Russell<br>
rhrussell@optusnet.com.au

Thanks Nick!<br>
We didn't miss a trick with Nick!!<br>
Len & Lyn Hallett (May 17th)<br>
lenhallett@gmail.com

Hi Nicholas, my wife and I enjoyed our tour with Sergio. He was the best! Greece is a beautiful country and so were all the wonderful people from Greece we met on our vacation. I will try to to put a good review in trip advisor.<br>
Thanks<br>
John and Mandy (May 16th)<br>
jharkins047@gmail.com

Dear Nicholas, I can't believe the trip is over--it was really packed, but we saw so many beautiful places. I loved Rhodes, especially the views from the cliffs. It is also very special to see a place through the eyes of someone who lives there. God willing, I will come again. And I certainly would recommend your services. I have attached a picture of Billy. His favorite things on Rhodes were the goat and wading in the Mediterranean. Have a wonderful Easter and may God bless you and your family. Very best wishes.<br>
Neville (April 10th)<br>
strumpf@nursing.upenn.edu

Nicholas developed an amazing day in Rhodes! Of all the Greek Islands, he made this our favorite. From Rhodes Town to a Donkey Ride in Lindos, feeding peacocks to a local lunch at a traditional restaurant, making pottery to St Paul's Bay...this day could not have been better planned to make full use of every second. Our driver spoke fluent English and was extremely knowledgeable on every historic site aspect of the country side.<br>
Chris (April 8th)<br>
Chris.Stricklin@live.com

Dear Nicholas<br>
I would like to thank you for the very nice trip we had today.<br>
Best wishes,<br>
Naomi (April 5th)<br>
naomi.haifa@gmail.com

Hi Nick, Our journey went very well especially the Rhodes part. We felt so "pampered" with our private driver and Mercedes. Thank you so much for showing us the best of Rhodes and taking good pictures for us. Attached is one for you. Wish you a lot of good business and Happy Valentines to you and your wife.<br>
Julie (Feb 14th)<br>
chiang.j@hotmail.com