---
year: 2016
---
Hi Nick. Liana was great, it was all well planned and easy walking. The architecture was never ending. The old city of Rhodes was beautiful. The quaint old shops, the parks. All of it was breathtaking and a true pleasure having her as our guide. **Brad M. (Dec 22nd) Atlanta, Georgia, USA**

Nick, just wanted to take a moment to thank you and Michael for the care and attention to detail that was in given on our trip today. Michael was well informed and interesting throughout the day. He was kind enough to aid in taking some photos, recreating 50-year-old memories. Thank you again, **Ann and George L. (Dec 6th) Saint Johns, FL, US**

Hej Nicholas, Thanks for your email and for a great day on Rhodes. We truly enjoyed our time on your beautiful island and do hope we can visit it again in the future. We really appreciated Emanuel's guiding and driving for the day. Please thanks him sincerely from the four of us. I have just submitted a review to Viator. I hope you will be happy with it and that it will bring you some more business in the future. Thanks again for your professional communication and for a fabulous day with Emanuel. Sincerely **Neil, Rita, Marty and Gail (25th Nov) Perth, Australia**

Nicholas, we had a great time. Michael did a great job and was a very knowledgeable tour guide. Thanks again. We are already talking about a return trip to see more of your beautiful island. **Dan G. (Nov 18th) Nashville, Tennessee, US**

Hi Nicholas. Thank you so much. Everyone enjoyed the tour. Manuel was a very personable guide. **George B. (Nov 14th) Bonney Lake WA, US**

Nicolas, I wanted to thank you again. The tour was perfect, leaving us with wanting to return and see more of what we missed. Andreas was also perfect and thank you for pairing us with him. I will gladly recommend you to my friend the travel agent and any and all who inquire of our trip and experience in Greece, Rhodes. So, until our paths cross again, be well and Efcharisto' **Shannon M. (Nov 6th) Kansas, USA**

Hi Nico, Maria was one of the best tour guides I've had and I've had many. She was so knowledgeable. So honest. Not annoying like some of them can be. She was a wealth of information and so pleasant. We are so glad we hired your company. Thank you!! **Brenda L. and Group (Nov 4th) Toronto, Canada**

Hi Nick, we had a wonderful time! Michael was great! And very attentive. We all appreciate the attention to service you offer. I would definitely recommend. If you would like me to write a glowing review when I return to the states, please let me know where. Have a good evening! **Stephanie D. (Nov 3rd) Indianapolis, Indiana, USA**

Hi Nicholas. We thoroughly enjoyed our tour through stunningly beautiful Rhodes. Andrew shared a wealth of information not only about the island and its history but about daily life in Rhodes, which we found especially fascinating. We also appreciated his flexibility in adjusting the itinerary and time schedule to accommodate our wishes. **Best, Mike W. (Oct 24th) USA**

Thank you, Nick and Emmanuel. We had a great time we will let our friends know about the service you provided! What we liked the best about the excursion was that it could be as structured as you want it or not. Emmanuel was always provided option to choose from. Thank you, **Kari & Moana (Oct 19) Honolulu, Hawaii, USA**

Thank you, Nicholas and Stamos! We totally enjoyed touring the island. Stamos was excellent in many ways! He shared much of the history, significant features, and daily living of the island. Stamos offered alternatives to our itinerary based on our interests making our visit to Rodos extremely memorable. We would give him more than a perfect score if we can. 🙂 Ευχαριστώ πολύ!! **Susanna, Mi, and Elsie (Oct 14th) USA**

Nicholas, thank you for a fabulous tour of your beautiful island. We so enjoyed every bit of it. Stamos was a great guide and showed us so much of the island. I will certainly recommend your group to anyone coming your way. **Barbara R. (Oct 9th) U.K.**

Nick, our excursion was very enjoyable. Roula & Dimitris we're very knowledgeable and professional. We thoroughly enjoyed our adventure and always felt safe. I would not hesitate to book another excursion for myself. I will also recommend your team to future cruise passengers. Thank you again. **James K. (Oct 7th) USA**

We booked a private GT6 tour (knights of St Johns) with Nicholas. We were picked up at our hotel promptly, in a very clean and cool temp van. We were introduced to Mr Kiriakos our driver. Who BTW always made us feel safe and comfortable. Kostas was our guide and outlined the day briefly. We started our walking tour around the gates of the palace and wandered through the medieval old town. We walked along the knights streets it was magical. We drove through the country sides and stopp at the Lindos acropolis and St pauls bay. Kostas historical knowledge, passion and humorous personality made this a great day and adventure. Being with this team allowed us to relax and enjoy the things we wanted to learn about. We came away with a greater understanding as we hoped we would. From the initial contact to the end of the tour, thus company exceeds in class and high service. We will recommend Nicholas and his team to everyone **Y&Y** 👍 **(Oct 2nd) Canada**

Nicholas, thank you for your services! It was perfect- the best private tour we have done on this trip. Apostolos was an excellent driver and the minivan was clean and spacious, we felt very safe and he was very helpful and informative. We would hire him again and you are lucky to have him on your team! **Lina A. and Family (Sept 30th) Ridgefield, NJ, US**

Hi Nicholas, we very much enjoyed our tour of Rhodes with Michael We definitely saw a lot more of the island than we would have otherwise. Michael gave us a good history of Rhodes to complement our tour. The Butterfly Valley was beautiful. It was nice to be driven down to Lindos for a short visit, rather than walking down and up that hill in the heat and crowds. The restaurant where we had lunch was delicious and in a lovely spot. We would definitely recommend you and your Rhodes Team to tourists who wish to get a good overview of Rhodes. **Leslie and Gary M. R (Sept 17th) Summerland, California USA**

Hello Nick -Thank you and your team for a wonderful tour today. Liana was knowledgeable, warm, and accommodating tour guide. Spiros was a great driver and helped one of us who had difficulty with the sun today. We chose your company because of the positive reviews and we were not disappointed. Thank you again for everything. **Ted O. and Group (Sept 7th) New Cumberland, Pennsylvania, US**

Hi Nicholas, many thanks for the tour, all went very well. Our special thanks to Michael for explaining everything so clearly and we were very impressed by his local and historical knowledge. Michael went out of the way to arrange the pottery tour for kids even though we were running late after Lindos and we really appreciate his gesture. Regards, **Ananya and Family (Sept 2nd) UK**

Nicholas Thank you! The tour was a special treat for us. We now love Rhodes. Costa was a pleasure! Take care, **Madeline and Jerry D. (Sept 1st) N.Y. USA**

Hi Nicholas, Thanks We had a great time. Roula and Manolis were great and both made sure we got the most of the trip. Thanks **Neil K. (Sept 1st) UK**

Hi Nicholas, firstly a big thank you to Andrew, he was a fantastic guide. We felt no pressure and it was great to go at our pace. We really feel like we have seen so much more of Rhodes than we ever could have done had ventured out alone or done a standard coach group tour. I will do a full review when I get home. Thanks again, a truly wonderful day. Kind regards **Andrea K. J. (26th Aug) U.K.**

Ncholas: We thank you for the perfect tour and service of our tour-driver Kostas. Yours sincerely,<br>
**Miriam R. and Family (24th Aug ) Nova Lima, Brazil**

Hi Nicholas! Our trip was amazing and Emmanuel was a great tour guide. Thanks again for a great day in Rhodes!! **Michelle B. Associate Broker. Solid Source Realty (Aug 16th) USA**

Hello Nicholas and Michael, truly a very good experience, surely a very good review to thank you for your professionalism giving your client a wonderful journey. To Michael you are such an amazing gentleman. We can't thank enough touring us around. We are so lucky to have you guys on our journey. All the best for your company. Thank you, **Fernandez Family (August 5th) USA**

Hi Nick: We really enjoyed the tour. Driver Kostas is very friendly and knowledgeable about the island. Thanks for the arrangement **Katherine L. and Family (Aug 4th) Boydton, Virginia, USA**

Dear Nicholas, Andreas was an absolute star and he provided us with good insight about the island, always sharing some anecdotes, small interesting bits of info, and very accommodating without being too much. He picked the best spots to take photos, which I as an enthusiastic hobby photographer, really appreciated. Overall, the tour was fantastic and we are so glad that we extended for two hours and also enjoyed the superb lunch at Argo. Thank you for making this day one of our highlights of the whole cruise, and also for giving us an appetite to come back to Rhodes, especially Lindos and Rhodes City. **Liebe Grüsse, Natalie B. and Family (30th July) Schenkon, Switzerland.**

Nicholas, we had a great day in Rhodes. Michael is a wealth of knowledge particularly all his great stories about the gods and everything is told with a sense of humor. His Driving is excellent and we highly recommend him to anybody coming to Rhodes, this is about as good as a tour can get. **Tina S. Sotheby's International Realty (July 23rd) USA**

Nick, we really enjoyed the tour and Liana was great. You can tell she had pride in her home and that came through in her descriptions. We really liked the city walking tour and the pottery demonstration. Lindos was a very cool town and the food was tasty. Stopping for scenic pictures was awesome. I wish we had more time to explore your beautiful island. Perhaps we will come back one day, but we will certainly refer you to any friend traveling to Rhodes. Thanks, **Russ and Family (July 15th) Cumming, GA, USA**

Nicholas, the tour was amazing!! We are still talking about Kostas!' and the kids will remember forever all the Greek words he taught us. It was a pleasure to be with him and "Manny" (that's how we called Manolis) Thanks again for everything and I will recommend you to anyone going to Rhodes!! **Melissa F. and Family (July 8th) Tallahassee, FL/USA**

Nicholas, my husband, and I had a wonderful day with Michael. He is so knowledgeable about the island and his love for Rhodes shines through. We hope to visit your beautiful island again soon, and we would hope to have more time to explore! Thanks so much, **Rhonda and David R. (July 7th) USA**

Nick, You're most welcome. We very much enjoyed our return to Rhodes after all these years. Michael did a great job---give him our regards. Maybe next time won't take so long. Your friends, **Dick & Judy F. (July 2nd) Linden, New Jersey, USA**

Dear Nicholas, My family and I enjoyed our day in Rhodes thanks to Manuel. Your island is impressive with its natural, diverse beauty and interesting history. Manuel was a great representative of Rhodes. Kind regards **Kristine M. (July 1st) USA**

Hi Nicholas, we wanted to let you know how very much we enjoyed the day with Michael, he was Wonderful! He took us to such a lovely place for Lunch it made the entire day. He was very informative about your Beautiful island and proud of the history your island holds. We immensely enjoyed the day. Please give him our regards.... Sincerely, **Donna & John B. (June 28th) USA**

Hi Nick, Firstly, tell Michael we had a good look around the Medieval City and when we got home, we watched The Guns of Navarone again for the first time in years. Michael was a real star. Friendly, easy to get along with and full of knowledge about the island. The lunch at Argo was superb and we would never have found that place without local knowledge. Finally, Nick, your attention to detail including the phone call on the day, showed us that we were amongst friends and gave us great memories on our first holiday post Covid. Regards and good luck, **Brian & Liz ( 25th June) UK**

Nicholas. We had a wonderful day, Manuel was a great guide - very kind. I just posted a review on TripAdvisor as well. I hope we will meet gain. **Debbie D. and Family (June 23rd) USA**

Nick. All in all, our group had a fabulous time! The pottery demonstration was outstanding! Costas was so funny and knowledgeable and very high energy! Yannis was kind and a great driver. We had a great day and really enjoyed our time in Rhodes. And you went above and beyond in getting the golf cart for brother. **Benita N. (June 23rd) Vacation Consultant Travel Marks LLC Lewisville, TX 75077**

Hi Nicholas. We had a spectacular time! It was absolutely amazing. The tour was perfect. Manuel was an incredible driver. He knew exactly what we wanted to do and all the right places to take us to make our trip to Rhodes very special. Honestly there is nothing I'd change. I would definitely do this again next time to see some different parts of the island. Thanks again for everything!!! We will see you again next time!!! **Scott and Heather H. (June 18th) Plano, Texas, USA**

Hello Nick. We had an absolutely wonderful time! Manuel was awesome! He took care of All of US! Peter and John were amazing! Everyone enjoyed their drivers and only had the best compliments for All of them! We appreciate the kindness and experience we had! It was priceless! Thank You Again! **Iisha M. and Group (June 17th) USA**

Dear Nicholas, back to our Lake of Constanze, we thank you and above all Manolis for an eventful and instructive tour to selected destinations on your beautiful green island during our latest stay at Rhodes. Manolis' explanations and tips helped us to better perceive and classify many small and big things. We never stop learning... Perhaps we will come back another time -- and perhaps we will ask you and Manolis for your further assistance... All the best to you and your team! Kind regards **Klaus A. (12 June) Lake Constance Bodensee Germany**

Hi Nicholas. Manuel was so kind, informative and we loved our time with him. I wish it had been longer but what we saw was amazing. Ric was especially happy to see Rhodes Town as it holds fond memories for him. Thank you again. **Debbie U. (June 8th) Potomac, MD, USA**

Nicholas thank you both (and Andrew) so much, we really enjoyed the tour, we have left what I hope is a very good review on trip advisor for you. Regards **John and Dawn (8th of June) London UK**

Hi Nick. Michael was a very good driver and we learned alot about Rhodes also. This was a very enjoyable tour. Rhodes is an interesting beautiful island with rich history. Hope I can return in the not too distant future. **Carol R. (June 5th) NYC**

Hi Nicholas, My daughter, her partner and I booked one of your tours for when we were in Rhodes, it was excellent. You should pair Costas and Mano on a regular basis so that other people can get the same benefit that we did. Mano's driving was careful and courteous. Costas knowledge and delivery made for an extremely enjoyable time. They were both good humoured so we had a few laughs along the way. The taverna they took us too for lunch was beautifully located and the food was good. Thanks for arranging such an enjoyable experience for us. **Noreen (2nd June) Oldbury B68 1RL UK**

Nicholas, thank you, and thanks to Kostas and Dominic, as well. We were well cared for and shown a beautiful day. **Harriet and Charles P. (May 23rd) Oregon, USA**

Thank you for a wonderful day, Nick and Mike. We enjoyed everything about it and Mike was an excellent host/guide/driver. We learned a lot about the island while enjoying the beautiful sights. Regards, **Gayle and Doug V. (May 20th ) Grandville Michigan US**

Thank you, Nicholas, and Stamos. We had a wonderful day. Stamos was wonderful. He was very knowledgeable, patient and his English very good. We would be happy to request him again if we come back to Rhodes. The restaurant you recommended was fabulous! Regards, **Doris and group (May 17th) Canada**

Hi Nicholas, thank you for the excellent service. We appreciate that the driver spent our time driving to spots we couldn't reach from the port and dropped us off outside the old city (at the right gate). It was a great day!<br>
**Tricia D. (May 7th) Bellevue WA US**

Hello Nick, Yes, we really enjoyed the tour! Kostas was entertaining, informative, and patient with the 4 of us. We really liked how we were given headsets to listen to him during the tour. We learned some Greek thanks to him. The driver Savvas was also helpful and the Mercedes van was very clean. We would tour with your company again. Thanks, **Amanda Al. (April 20th) Lincoln, California, US**

We've used many private tours in the past and have always been very pleased. Michael was a wonderful guide! He was friendly, knowledgeable, willing to accommodate our tour requests and happy to answer any and all of our questions. We would recommend this tour company to anyone wants to see all the beauty and variety of Rhodes!! This tour came at the end of two weeks of travel. Our lunch by the sea was the perfect end to our adventures!<br>
**Deborah S. (March 28th) Louisville, Kentucky US**

Dear Nicholas, we really enjoyed our visit of Rhodes. Our tour-driver Michael did an excellent job getting us to our sites, and was very professional. The island is beautiful and historic. We also came home and watched "The Guns of Navarone" and saw many familiar scenes. We would certainly recommend your company and your driver Michael to others.<br>
Sincerely, **Kevin and Jacque M. (Jan 11th) Houston, Tx, USA**Nicholas, We had such a wonderful time in Rhodes and your company provided outstanding service! . Kostas and Manolis were amazing and especially helpful. It was one of our favorite trips and destinations yet. Please pass on my sincere thanks and best wishes to them as well.<br>
Happy Holidays! **Kristine (Dec 28th) Michigan, US**

Nicholas, the tour by Kostas & Illias was fantastic. Kostas is a fountain of knowledge and you can tell he is very passionate about his country.<br>
**Glenys (Dec 27th) Hamilton, Ontario, Canada**

We had a fantastic time with Michael in Rhodes. Not only was he a good driver, but we learned so much from his as well. We all left him feeling like we would love to experience the same day all over again!<br>
Thanks again **Orva (Dec 26th) Laguna Hills CA, US**

Thank you so much we all had a great time and enjoyed our tour very much. We loved the island of Rhodes and will be back<br>
**Colleen (Dec 16th) Australia**

Hello Nicholas and Dominic: Our tour, it was everything we could have hoped for. We enjoyed the entire tour and your flexibility and desire to help us. We will certainly recommend you and your company to anyone asking for similar services.<br>
Best regards, **Libby and Les (Dec 14th) Seattle, US**

Thank you Nicholas for the very interesting tour you gave us. We all fully enjoyed the day with you. You gave us a great deal of information and took us to many memorable areas on this tour.<br>
Thanks again, **Pat, Marie, and Suzy (Dec 8th) US**

Hi Nicholas, We had the best day ever! Manuel was so helpful and kind. Best to your company ☺<br>
**Shelly, Judy, Fred and Sheila Friends from USA (Dec 1st)**

Dear Nicholas, We are safe and sound back on the ship. Thank you so much for your impeccable, professional, and warm correspondence in coordinating our brief visit - we all had a lovely day and will be departing Rhodes with fond memories. Please extend our thanks to Michael as well; we so enjoyed getting to share a meal with him, hearing about Rhodes, and his safe and courteous guidance through our trip today. I hope you, your team, and your families have a safe and happy close to the calendar year.<br>
Warm regards, **Jeff and family (Nov 26th) USA**

Dear Nicholas - Our visit to your beautiful island was totally enjoyable. Michael was excellent - fun, friendly and very informative. We have given you an EXCELLENT review on TripAdvisor!<br>
Best Regards, **Don & Pat (Nov 25th) Leavenworth WA USA**

Voy a expresarme de forma personal, pero hablo también de parte de todos los del grupo. La visita el día de hoy a Rhodas ha sido una de las visitas más memorables de este viaje. Rhodas, por sí misma, tiene un encanto particular. Alex hizo que ese encanto a demás de particular fuera dinámico, entrañable, exclusivo y sobretodo sensible. Su conocimiento, pasión por su tierra y sus orígenes son impresionantes. Manolis, encantador, su habilidad en el volante hizo que tuviéramos un paseo sin sobresaltos. Les decimos a los dos: MUCHAS GRACIAS!!!<br>
Cuenta con mis sinceras recomendaciones para quien sepa venga a Rhodas. También pondré mi comentario en Trip Advisor.<br>
Ha sido un placer haberte conocido. **Mónica (18 de noviembre) Mexico City, Mexico**

Nicholas, we had a wonderful tour with Andrew who was exceptional! Thank you for the quality service.<br>
**Donald (Nov 13) New York, US**

Nicholas, It was an outstanding day with a fabulous tour-driver! He was very informative, considerate, professional and made our day very enjoyable. Your island is lovely! I would highly recommend your company. Thank you for making our day on Rhodes so memorable!<br>
**Cyndi and Larry (Nov 7th) Westport Ma, USA**

We had a wonderful time! Stamos was a great driver, as soon as we get home, I will put a review on trip advisor. Thank you.....<br>
**Marilyn (Nov 6th) Wellesley MA, USA**

Nicholas, Thank you, the tour by Sergio, and the beauty of Rhodes made it a really wonderful day. We were so glad we could invite our new friends to join us, we all had a great time. If I know anyone else going to Rhodes, I will definitely share your contact information.<br>
**Best, Cyd (Nov 4th) Lithonia, Georgia USA**

Hello Nicholas, We are back in our home now and cherish the memories we made in Rhodes. Our special thanks to Sergio. He was informative and interesting. Your Island is beautiful and we hope to have an opportunity to visit again.<br>
With fond memories, **Harriet and Larry (Nov 4th)** **Chicago, Illinois USA**

Nicholas, We really enjoyed our visit to Rhodes and found Michael to be an excellent host! We've never done a private tour before. You and Michael both set the bar high in terms of customer service!<br>
Thank you for being part of our trip to Rhodes. **Bev (Nov 1st) Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada**

Nicholas, Can not thank Kostas enough, a real Rhodes scholar. He is a charming, engaging, and entertaining tour guide. A special thanks to the driver Jacob for those special photo ops and taking us around the island in comfortable relaxed way. I would definitely recommend your team as a best way to experience Rhodes.<br>
**Ken (Nov 1st) Ontario, Canada**

Hi Nicholas, I agree with Ken's comments. It was an informative and fun way to enjoy your beautiful island!!<br>
**Linda and John (Nov 1st) USA**

Nicholas, we enjoyed the tour immensely! What a beautiful island with so much history. Emmanuel did a fantastic job of showing us the highlights we wanted to see in the time available. He was very personable and knowledgeable and spoke excellent English. He is the consummate professional tour driver. Thanks for your excellent service. **Wayne (Oct 22nd) Ramona, CA**

Hi Nicholas The tour was great. Michael did a great job with the tour, while giving us some of our own time to explore. Your island was a great surprise to us because we underestimated the beauty and its sights. I see why your tours get great reviews.<br>
Regards **Jeffrey (Oct 20th) Oceanside CA, USA**

Hello Nicholas and Michael, I just submitted a review of 5 stars for you. It was such a nice experience to see Rhodes as a local with Michael. We all agreed Rhodes was the favorite island we visited. In fact one lady who was traveling with me decided she wants to come back and stay a few months maybe next year. So you may see some of us again! Thanks so much for a lovely visit to your island home.<br>
**Joyce, Phillip, Sabrina, Adrienne. (Oct 19th) USA**

Thank you for the business you provide and Dominic did a wonderful job. As I told him, he is perfect for that position. He had my dad laughing like I have not seen in a while. We were very pleased and when I have a good internet connection, I will definitely write a review on trip advisor and your site.<br>
Blessings to you and your great crew, **Jenny (Oct 19th) USA**

Hi Nicholas, Thank you for arranging a wonderful day, Roberto and I really enjoyed our day in Rhodes very much and loved each and every stop! Our experience was thanks to Mike as well, he was extremely kind, knowledgeable and took his time to explain the sights and give us great suggestions. He was also a really good driver and made the trip very comfortable. If I have the opportunity to visit Rhodes again, I would absolutely go on this trip again and request Mike as the driver. :) I would also definitely recommend your services without a doubt to other people.<br>
Keep up the great work! Kind regards, **Janet (Oct 18th) MA USA**

Nicholas Thank you very much!!! Everything was perfect and we enjoyed the whole day. Michael is great and we had so much fun with him. I'm adding a screen shot of the review I published in TripAdvisor.<br>
Thank's again for everything. I'm sure we'll meet again. Keren (Oct 17th) **Tel Aviv, Israel**

Nicholas: Thank you for the tour. Rhodes was the highlight of our trip, and the tour with you was a large part of that.<br>
**Bill (Oct 15th) USA**

Thank you very much for two wonderful tours. We really enjoyed both guides and learned so much. The service, knowledge and professionalism was amazing. We are so glad that we used your services<br>
**Best Linda (Oct 13th) USA**

Good Day, We really enjoyed the tour - the driver Michael was exceptional in his knowledge and overall delivery. All was perfect!<br>
​ **Helene & Romeo (Oct 12th) Quebec, Canada**

Hi Nicholas, Thanks for the great service! Mike is awesome! We will definitely engage your service for more tours the next time we are back!<br>
Cheers, **Brenda (Oct 10th) NY, USA**

Hi Nicholas we had an amazing day and Kostas was the best guide we've had on this trip. We feel very lucky to have him as our guide. This was our first time to Greece and Rhodes was our favourite of the 4 islands we visited. It was a truly memorable day. Your teams attention to detail is superb. I plan to write a review on trip advisor when we get home. I hope to return to Rhodes again and will definitely contact you if we are lucky enough to get that opportunity.<br>
All the best, **Lynda (Oct 9th) Canada**

Nicholas, We had a wonderful tour with Yannis and Mike and I have given you a very positive review on TripAdvisor. I was in the car with Yannis and found him very interesting on all sites of subjects. You certainly gave us a great driver who I would ask for again should I visit Rhodes again. As a group we live interesting people.<br>
Thanks again! **Tom A. (Oct 8th) Southampton UK**

Hi Nicholas, I would like to thank Kiriakos very much. Our time with him was the highlight of our holiday. Kiriakos was an out and out gentleman and very knowledgeable, and as we said to him, if we lived in Rhodes, he would certainly be our friend. The whole day was perfect. We got to see all that we wanted and did not feel at all rushed. The vehicle was very comfortable and of course, we had the best driver 😀.<br>
As a guide myself, so probably more critical than most, I have to say I don't think it could have been improved upon. The winery we wanted to go to was closed but Kiriakos immediately took us to one that was open. I know at harvest time, it is not always easy to find wineries open as they are too busy. We then had a great lunch, again a place that was recommended by Kiriakos.<br>
So all in all, 10 out of 10. Thank you for all of your assistance and I know that if any of my friends are going to Rhodes, I will definitely recommend you and your team. Thank you for a great day. kind regards **Lindsay (Oct 4th) Sainte-rose, Reunion**

Hi Nicholas, I just want to thank you once again for the perfect day we spent in Rhodes. Michael was absolutely perfect and the memories that he gave us will last forever. I have posted an amazing review of your company and Michael on tripadvisor. I will tell everyone I know how great our experience with you was. Thanks again **Jeff (Sept 28th) Canada**

Nicholas. It was a TERRIFIC day! Perfect in every way!! Everyone loved the day and had a great time. I cannot thank you enough for the service, your professionalism and client communication!<br>
Wishing you all the best always. **Jane (Sept 25th) USA**

Hi Nicholas, Once again "Nicholas Rhodes Private Tours" did not disappoint. We had a wonderful day in beautiful Rhodes. Dora was so much fun! Her knowledge on the history of Rhodes is incredible. We couldn't ask for a better driver than Jacob.<br>
Thanks to you, Dora and Jacob our day in Rhodes was really special. Sincerely, **Susan (Sept 24th) USA**

Nicholas! I must tell you that our time was fabulous and everyone enjoyed it. Michael did a great job of driving us, describing everything, answering all of our questions and even taking some group pictures of us together. It was a pleasure to meet him. Please convey our best wishes to him for a job well done. If we ever return or know of any friends or family visiting Rhodes, please know you will get the highest of recommendations! Thank you again for your help in arranging the tour, making it easy for us and helping us have a most memorable time in Rhodes.<br>
Regards, **Mark and Jamie, Miles and Lisa (Sept 23rd) Canada**

Thanks Nicholas. Dominic was a wonderful driver. I hope to recommend your company and hire your services again in the future.<br>
Thank you very much **Hiedi (Sept 23rd) USA**

Dear Nicholas and Andrew, We enjoyed the tour today and Andrews detailed explanations. Everything went very well as usual. Thank you both and take care. We will be back next year.<br>
**Vanessa and Steve (Sept 18th) Belgium**

Good morning Nicholas! Thank you! We had an excellent time both Tuesday and Thursday with Michael and Andrew. We thank you very much for arranging such wonderful days and providing tours and itineraries for us to enjoy while in your beautiful island. Today is our last day and we are busy doing some last minute sightseeing and packing. When we get home I will be sure to post favorable and thorough reviews for you as we very very much enjoyed our trips and time with your company and people. Thank you again for making our time on Rhodes very special. Memorable. And amazing!!!!<br>
All the best. **Marcia (13 Sept) Pittsburgh PA USA**

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for our tours of Rhodes conducted by your Company, it was indeed very nice to see the beauty and historical buildings and scenery on our tour. Very well driven and explained by you brother Michael. Every thing was first class..Thank you. My wife and I look forward to our return to Rhodos and Kastellorizo. For now ..we send our best wishes to you and Michael<br>
**Jim and Jann (8th Sept) Wahroonga AU**

Our tour with Dominic was outstanding! Beautiful sights and Dominic was a true professional who went above and beyond to help us enjoy our tour. I have already passed on your company's name to several friends planning cruises to Rhodes.<br>
**Steve (Sep 8th) San Antonio Texas**

Hi Nicholas, I hope you are well. I wanted to thank you for our excellent tour. Thank you to yourself, Lianna and Yannis for a wonderful day.<br>
**Mel (Sept 9th) Ipswich Suffolk UK**

Dear Nicholas, We feel so fortunate to have spent yesterday with your extremely knowledgeable driver Michael! What an appreciation he imparted to is for this beautiful island---its history, culture, and people. We will recommend "Rhodes Private Tours" to every Rhodes-bound person we know!.<br>
Warm regards, **Patti (Sept 5th) UK**

Hi Nicholas, We had the most fabulous day on our tour. I promise to write a raving review!!.<br>
Best regards **Denise (Sept 1st) New Jersey USA**

Dear Nicholas, We had such a wonderful day and Dominic was a joy to have as our driver and guide. Your island is so beautiful. It was a privilege to see it. We will certainly let our friends and family know about this amazing island and hope to return to have Dominic as our driver again!<br>
Warmest regards and many thanks,<br>
**Lisa. (Sept 1st) Pikesville Maryland USA**

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for the service. We loved Stergos, it was wonderful. He gave us a lot of insights regarding the island history. And big plus he was so patient with the kids. At the end they were sad to leave him. It's definitely something we would do again or recommend.<br>
Ciao, till next time **Christelle (30th Aug) Canada**

Nicholas, Overall, our family had a great time in Greece. You and Andrew were an important part of that success. If we find ourselves back in the region, we will not hesitate to call upon your company and gladly refer our friends traveling to Rhodes to you. Once again, thank-you very, very much.<br>
Best wishes and good fortune.<br>
**Jeffrey (Aug 28th) Oak Hill Virginia USA**

Excellent team, booked via the website and enjoyed the whole Rhodes experience with these guys. Thank you to Nicholas and Michael who we had the pleasure of talking too. Would highly recommend these guys if you want a reliable private tour of Rhodes.<br>
Thanks guys. **Anvesh (25th Aug) Canada**

Nicholas, thank you, we enjoyed our tour very much!!<br>
Regards, **David (Aug 24th) WA. USA**

Hi Nicholas. Thanks so much for our wonderful time on Rhodes. Please give our warm regards to Andrew. Thanks again to you and Andrew for making it so special.<br>
**Patti (Aug 21st) USA**

Nicholas thank you so much. We thoroughly enjoyed the day and Stergos was fantastic - again! I'll be recommending you to all my friends should they ever visit Rhodes. And posting again on trip advisor just how good the trips are. Thanks again for making our holiday something we will remember.<br>
Regards, **Keith (Aug 19th) UK**

Nicholas, Thank you for a wonderful day! Steve (Stathis) our driver was awesome. We are looking forward to coming back and will pass on your details to our friends :) **Anita and family (Aug 16th) Australia**

While I was in Rhodes on a cruise, we used Rhodes Private Tours for a beach and island tour. Our driver was fantastic and Nicholas made sure we were taken care of all day. We went to several beaches and with the suggestion from our driver we chose a great beach to enjoy our day in Rhodes. This is a fantastic company! I would certainly use them again next time we are in Rhodes.<br>
**Kellie (Aug 16th) Chaska Mn USA**

Dear Nicolas, The ride with Stergos was perfect. Please give him our greetings again. Kind regards, **Ralf (Aug 15th) Herrenberg**

Thank you so much - we had an amazing afternoon / evening. Andrew is very charming and calm. It was a treat to hear about living in Rhodes from him.<br>
Best wishes, **Belinda (August 14th) UK**

Good morning Nicholas! My partner and I had such an amazing time on our tour with Mike that I have recommended the same to my parents, who are due to visit Rhodes soon.<br>
**Pamela (Aug 14th) United Kingdom**

Nicholas, Wonderful tour, I will definitely give you a great recommendation. Warm regards, **Angela (Aug 11th) USA**

Dear Nicholas and Michael, Now that I am back in Belgium, I can only confirm looking back upon a perfect week on Rhodos - the two days I could spend with your company exploring the west coast and Rhodes town were equally superb (perfect timing, background information, flexibility - e.g. Thari monastery as an extra visit). By means of a private tour I was able to visit many highlights of the island in an efficient and peaceful way. I will write a positie review on Tripadvisor to support your work!<br>
Efcharisto!, **Alain (10th Aug) Belgium**

Nicholas. Michael was superb on both excursions. We learned a lot and had a superb time with him. And you were right regarding Tsambica beach. Spectacular.<br>
**Joel (Aug 4th) Wilmettte, Illinois, USA**

Hi, we really enjoyed out time with Manuel and we'll be back again soon. We will not hesitate to recommend you.<br>
**David (Aug 3rd) USA**

What a superb day, an island tour with Sergio as our driver, one of the nicest, friendliest and most knowledgeable people you could meet. We would recommend Sergio and this company wholeheartedly. Thank you for a great day.<br>
**Juliet, (Aug 2nd) UK**

Thanks so much for the tour, Really enjoyed it!<br>
**Allan and Amanda, (Aug 2nd) USA**

Nicholas it was an amazing experience. Thank you so much. We will recommend your services again. **Sam and Mary (Aug 2nd) Houston TX USA**

We were so lucky and fortunate to have Michael share the beauty of his lovely island! We spent 8 hours seeing all the beauty that Rhodes has to offer and take home memories to last a lifetime! Thank you again so much for everything and we hope to see you again upon returning to Rhodes. Highly recommended!!!<br>
**Mark (Aug 1st) Doraville, Georgia, USA**

Hello, Thank you for planning for us a wonderful day. Everything went very well and our driver was very nice and very knowledgeable. We really enjoyed it. Thank you, **Josee (July 27th) Canada**

Nicholas, Our tour could not have been any better. Mike & Mike were the best! Thanks for your follow up and for having such excellent people in your company. Regards, **Mike B. (July 26th) Grand Rapids Michigan US**

Dear NICHOLAS & MICHAEL, Thank you very much for your kind hospitality and the trip was most enjoyable. I will definitely be back in the future for more trips and will be sure to spread the word of your great tour experience to friends. Thank you very much.<br>
Yours sincerely. **E. O. ONYA (July 24th) South Africa**

Thanks Nicholas to you and Apostolos!!! We spent a great time in Rhodes!!! I had a wonderful birthday!<br>
Regards, **Monica, (July 23rd) Mexico**

We had a wonderful day in Rhodes. The island is so beautiful, we enjoyed it more than Santorini. Andrew was a great tour/driver, and very pleasant to spend the day with. His knowledge of Rhodes, and his insight into modern economic and social issues in Greece was very informative. So much better than being on a big bus tour from the cruise line.<br>
**Regards, Susan and Nate (July 22nd) Phoenix Arizona USA**

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for our tour. We all really enjoyed it and found Kostas the tour guide, very friendly and informative. Also Jakob the driver, met us and transported us very happily and safely.<br>
Kind regards, **Elizabeth (July 21st) USA**

Hi Nicholas, Thank you so much for the tour especially teaming us up with Mahir. He was a great match and very helpful and informative, he knows his job and does it very well! The tour itself was also perfect to really see every side of the island which is beautiful in itself.<br>
We hope to tour with you again when we return to Rhodes and you will be highly recommended to family & friends. Thanks again for the tour & many many thanks to Mahir.<br>
Kind regards, **Aysel, (July 18) Australia**

Thank you very much! We had a wonderful day yesterday. Michael was great showing us all the places. We enjoyed it very much!<br>
Thanks, **Subha (13 July) UK**

Hi Nicholas, Thank you for a truly wonderful day in Rhodes. I must state that you are the most professional and considerate tour company owner/manager. I appreciated your timely and helpful responses to my questions and requested changes to our tour. Please thank Kostas and Jacob. Kostas is absolutely terrific. His conservations with us regarding the natural beauty of the island, it's history and just enough about current Greek National issues were captivating. His amusing " Lookie! Lookie! (alerting us to points of interest) should become legendary. I will post this to TripAdvisor to help others to find the best tour company ever, in our fairly extensive worldwide traveling.<br>
Kind regards, **Bill and Daria (June 29th) USA**

Dominic was truly outstanding and we really enjoyed his company and wisdom. We will refer you to friends and to ask for Dominic. Please wish him well on the wedding of his son this weekend.<br>
**Mark (June 25th) USA**

Dear Nicholas, I can't thank you enough for our wonderful day yesterday, Mike is fantastic; very knowledgeable and easy to get along with. I honestly can't think of any way to improve the day as it was even better than we'd hoped for. It's nice to meet a business man that cares so much about giving excellent customer service, you are a credit to the island<br>
Regards, **(June 23rd) Sarah, UK**

Nicolas, we're home safe and sound. Hope we can send some business your way. Say 'hello' to Michael for us. He's the best<br>
**Dan (June 20th) Belmont USA**

Thank you the trip was brilliant .Michael was so informative and cannot comment any further on perfection.<br>
Kind regards **Jackie and fellow travellers, (June 16th) West Yorkshire**

Good evening, Thank you for your service. Andrew was an awesome driver...very prompt, knowledgeable and friendly. We enjoyed our tour very much and appreciate the great communication prior to the trip. I will recommend your tours if and when I know someone visiting your beautiful Rhodes. Take good care.<br>
Many thanks, **Lauren and Sara (June 17th) California USA**

We had the most memorable day of our trip to Greece on our full day tour with Rhodes Private Tours. The driver was so knowledgeable and knew exactly how to maximize our day. We viewed the Old Harbor, saw where the Aegean and Mediterranean Sea meet, drove to the Acropolis of Rhodes and toured south to the clifftop Acropolis of Lindos. A drive from the east to the west side of the island capped an exhilarating day! A truly rewarding and memorable experience. We will enjoy our pictures and think of beautiful Rhodes.<br>
**Deb, (June 15th) United States**

We spent a week in Rhodes and one day was taken up with a private tour of the west and south sides of the island with our driver Andrew. I would recommend this experience to anyone who is not keen on tour buses as it is completely different. You choose where you want to go and for how long. We ended the trip with a lovely lunch in a friendly local tavern. Definitely 5 stars.<br>
**Sue, (June 14th) London England**

Thank you, we had a great time on the excursion! I will be sure to leave a good review on Trip advisor, we had an excellent time!<br>
Thanks again, **Best, Josh (June 12th) New York USA**

Excellent honest tour company we had a wonderful time with our driver Emanuel very knowledgable, friendly and super nice with my children, I cant say enough things about this wonderful company they are truly the best if I could give them ten stars I would . Thank you for making our day so memorable Nicholas and Emanuel blessings to you and yours.<br>
**Veronica (June 11th) Cape Coral Florida USA**

Nicholas we had a fantastic experience with Mike touring Rhodes! Thank you for helping us create family memories of a lifetime!!!!<br>
**Michele (June 9th) Georgia USA**

Good morning Nicholas, Our trip to Rhodes was amazing...the group decided that was our favorite port and Kostas was our favorite tour guide...along with Jacob our favorite driver. The entire day was perfection. Thanks to you and your entire team for making our day in Rhodes perfect!<br>
**Susan (June 8th) CHICAGO USA**

Dear Nicholas, We were all very pleased with the tour and our tour guide Liana and our driver Manolis. My friends loved Rhodes and said it was the best place on our cruise. We all felt totally satisfied and the feedback I can give you is only positive!<br>
Thank you, **Stephanie & friends (June 8th) Marlboro New Jersey**

Nicholas, Everything was perfect. Thank you for a great day!!.<br>
**Joyce and Craig, (June 7th) Canada**

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for a truly memorable day ... it was absolutely wonderful and we enjoyed every minute. It was lovely to not only hear about the places you took us to but Rhodes in general. If you are in England (in the north) please email and we will show you the highest mountain and deepest lake and also the beautiful Lake District.<br>
Yours **Pamela and Glyn (June 7th) UK**

Nicholas, We had such a wonderful day and really enjoyed our driver Stamos. We had a wonderful day and he was great with my children, I felt like we saw SO much!!!! I really appreciate you helping make this experience to Rhodes wonderful!<br>
I will be sure you rate you the very best on Trip Advisor!<br>
**Ruthie, (June 7th) Georgia USA**

Nicholas, We had a wonderful time and just posted a glowing review on Trip Advisor! Thank Michael for his excellent service!<br>
**Mark (June 6th) Sarasota Florida USA**

Hello Nicholas!! We had a very wonderful time with Manolis. He was an outstanding tour-driver & host to us on your beautiful island. We look forward to visiting again in the future. Please pass on our gratitude to him<br>
Regards from **Carol, Rick & Natalie (June 6th) Canada**

Hi Nicholas, We toured with your company and Manuel was great. It was a wonderful tour!!<br>
Thanks, **Stephanie, (June 6th) Northborough MA**

We want to let you know what a wonderful tour we had with Kostas and Manolis. It was one of the very best highlights of our trip and made us love Rhodes! Kostas was so knowledgeable and communicated clearly to us the beauty of Rhodes. He allowed the group plenty of time to take pictures and ask questions. He was also very entertaining. We could tell Kostas and Manolis has a great relationship. We talked about our Rhodes tour for the rest of our trip. We think it was the best tour of the entire trip. We feel very fortunate to have found your company. You run class act!<br>
Sincerely, **Anthony & Mary (June 6th) Gunnison CO**

Nicholas: thank you for your time & sharing your extensive knowledge. We thoroughly enjoyed our day with you. Our lunch was very good as well.<br>
Best, **Paola (June 6th) USA**

Hi Nicholas, I wanted to let you know how much we enjoyed our Rhodes tour with Kostas This was the tour booked by Anthony Allen, and we were in that small group. Kostas kept us entertained and laughing all day. He was so knowledgeable about the history of Rhodes and Greece, and it was fascinating to hear his commentary on what we were seeing on the tour. He was very accommodating to our group and we enjoyed it very much. In fact, it was our favorite tour of our entire 14 day trip.<br>
Thank you! **Russ and Barbara (June 5th) USA**

Nicholas, You guys have gone over and above. We can not thank you enough. We are so appreciative of Sergio's efforts. Thank you both so very much.<br>
**Marietta and Family (June 2nd) Chesapeake Va**

Dear Nicholas: Thanks to you and to Michael for a wonderful day of touring through Rhodes. We truly had a wonderful time and the weather was perfect. Visiting Lindos and the old city of Rhodes was the highlight of the tour. The choice of the seafood restaurant for lunch was a good choice. Please thank Mike for getting us there and back safely, and for his helpful tips on where to go in the old city after our private tour of Rhodes.<br>
Regards, **Solideva (June 2nd) Ottawa**

Dear Nicholas, Today was wonderful- truly a highlight of our trip. Yannis did a great job and we learned so much. We loved everything we did and the flexibility to go at our own pace. I know I speak for all of us when I say thank you for making this possible.<br>
Kind regards, **Gail and Alan (May 30th) Atlanta Georgia USA**

Hi Nicholas. Please thank Michael for such a lovely tour experience. Michael was really informative and we had many questions for him, and he answered them all! It was nice having flexibility with the tour. We weren't too interested in visiting any churches, but it was great to stop in to a pottery place and watch the man making it, and buying a special treat for ourselves to take home. The other good thing was that it was very easy to book this tour with you, Nicholas, on-line - and that everything went very smoothly. Thank you so much for your care and attention to detail. I hope Michael is well, and trust that he will be busy with your Summer tourists!<br>
Very kind regards, **Katrina and David (May 29th) New Zealand**

Thank you Nicholas and Michael. and I had a great time on the tour. I will be sure to write a good online review of your business.<br>
Robert (May 28th) **Houston Texas United States**

Hello Again Nicholas...What a wonderful day on your beautiful island of Rhodes...!!! Thank you for your fast responses in booking and for our outstanding driver, Emanuel...! It was great to reconnect with Emanuel - as he was our driver in 2014 when we visited the first time...! He provides excellent information, his English is very good, and he makes sure you get to see and experience the best Rhodes has to offer...! Highly recommend him as a Knowledgeable Driver...!!! Thank you once again, and hope our adventures bring us back to Rhodes again...!<br>
Warm regards...**Rick and Polly (May 28th) Fernandina Beach FL**

Thank you so much for the amazing excursion in Rhodes. Your driver was incredible and it was one of our best days<br>
Thank you again, **Elaine P. (May 20th) Canada**

Dear Nicholas, We had a wonderful time and Michael was very nice. We will be happy to do a review once we get back. Thank you for the great service!!!<br>
Thanks, **Rajiv (May 19th) New Jersey USA**

Hi Nicholas. We just wanted to let you know we had a great tour with driver Michael. He did a great job showing us the highlights of Rhodes! We really enjoyed our stop at the Olive Oil Factory and all the photo stops! I would highly recommend your company to anyone who is looking for a tour. Michael's restaurant suggestion for lunch was also great!<br>
Thanks again! **Greg and Roseanne (May 18th) Phoenix AZ USA**

Nicholas, We had a great time on the island, truly beautiful. Good vehicle, driver and guide. Loved Kostas, he was fantastic, just the type of guide we like. Interesting, Knowledgeable, Theatrical and Thoughtful. I will remember him, and that makes a good guide. Say hello from Mark. The group was even doing his look..look...look...OPA! on other islands. Will be back with "Rhodes Private Tours" when we come again!<br>
Thanks for all your help.<br>
**Mark St. (May 17th) California**

Thank you. Sergio was great and the service was great. We will recommend you to others.<br>
**Howard (May 17th) Canada**

Sergio was a wonderful driver who had a wealth of knowledge about the sites we visited and was very accommodating to our interests and needs. The visit to Lindos was marvelous. He showed us views of this acropolis from various vantage points before we began our climb.<br>
Leora, (May 16th) USA

Andrew was wonderful, extremely knowledgeable and gave us plenty of time to take in the sights in a relaxed environment. Can't wait to return to Rhodes and highly recommend Rhodes Private Tours.<br>
Thank you, **Amy (May 15th) Boca Raton Florida USA**

We were going to be on a Mediterranean cruise and this was my husbands first time in Europe, so I researched the tours to try and find the best one. We were certainly not disappointed. The communications with Nicholas was great all along. We asked him to modify the tour as I need a knee replacement and can't do a lot of walking. He took us to some of the most incredible sites. The attention to everything was just wonderful. He even went so far as to help my husband put his feet in the ocean and then helped him put his shoes back on. Just an incredible extra touch.<br>
Please do yourself a favor and book your tour with Nicholas and his team<br>
**Jim and Laura, (May 15th)** Streamwood

Hello, We are home now and writing reviews. We want to thank you for a wonderful day. We had such a great time on Rhodes and learned a lot. If we come again someday we will call you.<br>
Sincerely, **Deborah and Gordon (May 14th) Melbourne Florida USA**

Thanks so much for the tour, it was brilliant. Everyone, especially Layla had a great time.<br>
**Rajesh,(May 14th) UK**

Awesome Service!! They were 20 feet from the boat gangway waiting from us! Driver was super nice and always left us right at the entrance of all the attractions. Also he picked the best picture spots. Much better than the ship excursion at half the price. Highly recommended!!!!<br>
**Antonio (May 14) Piso Cabo San Lucas**

Nicholas, I posted positive reviews on tripadvisor and Facebook. Michael was the best driver. Hoping in the near future to come again and see more of Rhodes. Michael was fantastic!<br>
**Leslie Baker (May 14th) Beer Sheva Israel**

Dear Nicholas, We were very happy with our tour experience with Emmanouel Papachristofis. He was an excellent and a knowledgeable driver!<br>
Thank you! Have a wonderful day!<br>
**Paola (May 13th) Mexico**

We enjoyed our tour immensely, Nicholas, and our driver was fantastic. Thank you,<br>
**Denise and Bill (May 7th) Windsor**

Nicholas, We had a wonderful experience and Sergio was an excellent guide. We take with us great memories of our visit.<br>
**Philip (May 3rd) Greenwich USA**

Hi Nicholas.... it was great to meet you. Thank you for a great day!!<br>
**Alexandra (May 2nd) San Diego CA USA**

Nicholas, Thank you for arranging a great tour. Yannis was a fantastic guide. Very knowledgeable, very friendly and interesting, very good English and a safe driver. I will post a very positive review on TripAdvisor; most likely not until next week when we return to California. Thank you for meeting us at the pier; it was a pleasure to meet you in person after having corresponded with you for a few months on e-mail.<br>
**Howard (May 1st) USA**

Dear Nicholas, Thanks for your tour. we truly enjoyed the tour guide "Costas" and all the knowledge he shared.<br>
Thank you, **Adrian(April 28th) USA**

Dear Nicholas, we really enjoy our stay in Rhodes. Michael show us many place even if in a short time and gave us a lot of interesting information. Thanks him again from us and thank you for your assistance.<br>
All the best **Michele (April 25th) Rome, Italy**

Nicholas, Thank you sooo much! We thoroughly enjoyed our time with you. The picture you took of us at the winery was perfect!<br>
**Laurie (April 24th) New Zealand**

Nicholas, Thank you so much for a wonderful day on your amazing island. My only regret was that we were not in port longer. Kostas and Jacob did an amazing job. I can't wait to return!<br>
Best wishes and Happy Easter!<br>
**Piper (April 24th) Florida USA**

Hi Nicholas, I am sorry for the delay in writing the review, I just took care of it, you will find it under Maria Kay. Thank you again for the wonderful tour, it was amazing. **Maria Neal (April 23rd) UK**

Thank you Nicholas and Michael for all your help in making my trip so memorable.<br>
**Cindy and Phil (April 17th) USA**

HI Nicholas, Thank you for the well arranged tour. Our group had a fun day.<br>
Met vriendelijke groet,<br>
Kind regards,<br>
**Marisa de W. (April 15) Amsterdam**

Dear Nicholas, Just wanted to say what a wonderful time we all had seeing the beautiful island of Rhodes . Coming into port none of us had much expectations from it but Thanks to Manuel and his annexdotes we all saw it through a fresh vision. He is an amazing driver and was a wonderful guide to us. We plan to revisit Rhodes, this time to stay on the island.<br>
I'll pass on your information to my family and friends. It was a pleasure working with professionals like your team.<br>
**Thank You,<br>
Supriya (April 12) New Berlin WI USA**

Hi Nicholas! We've made it back to the states but couldn't be happier that we were able to spend time with you in Rhodes, it was really one of the highlights of our entire trip. You gave such a great tour, and it really helped us to truly appreciate the island. I just submitted our review on TripAdvisor. We will be recommending Rhodes and you to all our friends.<br>
Thanks again! **Annie (Feb 21st) Philadelphia**Dear Nicholas, It has been over a month since we enjoyed our wonderful visit with you and Michael in Rhodes. It was a great tour we will never forget and continue to talk about with our friends! We look forward to visiting Rhodes again and will certainly have you (or Michael) show us around your beautiful island again.<br>
Have a wonderful Christmas, Doug and Lisee M. (Dec 16th) Kansas City, Missouri

WOW.. Nicholas this was a great day and trip. I cant thank you enough for the great day and we will share your services with our team.<br>
The Travel Collaborative, Branch of the Tzell Travel Group, Scott G (Dec10th) CAMBRIDGE, MA

Our group of 3 people was met promptly at the cruise terminal, introduced to our tour/driver Stamos and left for a very fabulous day. Stamos went above and beyond to drive us to the highlights of the area and knew how to avoid the big crowds. He is extremely well informed, very professional and thoroughly enjoyable. In addition to our wonderful tour and amazing local lunch, he found time to allow me to stop and purchase some truly local olives. What an amazing day! Nicholas, please thank Stamos for an absolutely wonderful day.<br>
Amanda M (Nov12th) Ontario, Toronto

Nicholas we were so happy to have you as our driver and loved it all. Had a great trip there and look forward to returning. Everything was great. Thank you again and good luck with the winter and a good holiday to you and your family.<br>
Carla S. T. (Oct 28th) Kingaroy, Queensland

Thank you Nicholas! We absolutely loved Rhodes and loved Costa!!! He was a great tour guide and we really enjoyed visiting your beautiful home. Thank you for doing such a great job for us and if we are ever back in Rhodes we will contact you.<br>
Best Regards, Carri B. (Oct 26th) San Antonio, Texas

Nicholas, Manuel was the perfect Tour Driver. He was extremely knowledgeable and professional. I would highly recommend him to anyone travelling to your beautiful island and would always request him.<br>
Thank you again to your services and Manuel. Paul S. (Oct 24th) Cusseta, Georgia

Nicholas, Thank you so much for the service. I'm in Barcelona, but will write a review once I'm home. It was a pleasure having Dominic as our driver. I hope to visit Rhodes again in the near future.<br>
Jakesia (Oct 23rd) Lexington, Kentucky

Nicholas, My entire family was so moved by your beautiful island and the hospitality you and Mike and Stathis showed us. It was such a personal touch with you coming to the dock to meet us. You truly have a great operation that cater to your guests. I will be posting great review on trip advisor when I get the chance. We can't thank you enough for treating us the way you have. Thank you and everyone for a wonderful and great time we had on Rhodes.<br>
Dant L. (Oct 21st)Tulsa, Oklahoma

Thank you so much for giving us such wonderful memories of Rhodes! Manuel was a very skilled driver & very informative. He was also a perfect gentleman! We will be writing a much more detailed review on Trip advisor, but it will have to wait until we return home on 3 November! Until then, rest assured we will be recommending your service to all our friends!<br>
Thank you again! Nancy & Doug (Oct 17th) Anaconda, Montana

Hi Nicholas, We all truly enjoyed the tour of your beautiful island. I love meeting the people who live in places I visit, and learning about their lives. It makes for a memorable experience. Though distance and cultures separate us, the truth is that we all want the same things from life and have the same desires for ourselves and family!<br>
We wish you all the best! Bill and Cheryl (Oct 15th) Phoenix, Arizona

Nicholas, My group of 12 want to sincerely thank you for the excellent service provided by your company. Dimitris was a superb guide and as a result the day we spent visiting Rhodes was extremely educational and most importantly very enjoyable. The minibus driver was also very pleasant and accommodating. Thank you for making our visit to Rhodes a memorable one.<br>
Sincerely, Beverly S (Oct 14th) Los Angeles, California

Hi Nicholas, Everyone enjoyed the tour of Rhodes. George was so funny and entertaining. Thank you so much for making sure everything ran smoothly!<br>
Cheers, Chiqui ( Oct 12th) Birmingham, UK

Nicholas, thank you so much for such a wonderful time. We truly enjoyed our limited time on the island. Michael made it memorable for us with all of his knowledge. He is an awesome driver. We truly will remember our great adventure.<br>
Anita L. M. (Oct 10) International Space Station. Program Planning & Control Office

Nicholas, Rhodes was the best. Your guide was excellent and so knowledgeable.<br>
Thanks you, Amy S. (Oct 9th) Birmingham, UK

Hi Nicholas, Matt and I are just home! We had such a great trip and one of the highlights of our trip was our day with you and your beautiful Island! I will submit a review to TripAdvisor soon!<br>
Thank you for your time! Yours, Elizabeth and Matt (Oct 8th) Baltimore, Maryland

Hi Nicholas, We had an absolutely fantastic tour with you on Rhodes. I would have to honestly say that Rhodes was possibly our favourite island destination. Your knowledge and humor brought our tour to life. Thank you again for a surprise visit to Argo. That really was unexpected and a delightful end to what was a brilliant tour.<br>
Regards, David (8th Oct) Port Lincoln, AU

To Sergio, Thank you so much for a great day. We so enjoyed the tour. It was such a pleasure to meet you.<br>
Ray, Lise, Mike and Donna (Oct 4th) Colac Victoria, AU

Thanks very much for a great tour, we loved it!!. Please thank Augustis too.<br>
Kind regards Natalie and family, (Oct 3rd) Portland,Victoria AU

Thanks again for the great day in Rhodes. I just uploaded a stellar review of you guys on Trip Advisor to let everybody know if in Rhodes where to seek good services.<br>
Have a great day, Clint W. President, Air Management Systems

Hi Nicholas, We really enjoyed our tour of Rhodes, your brother Michael was a terrific driver and we saw so many places on Rhodes<br>
Thank you so much June C. (Oct 1st) New Orleans, Louisiana

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for all your assistance during our visit to Rhodes. I have just submitted a trip advisor review for your services and it should clear the Trip Advisor system and appear on line in the next day or so. Also when our magazine with the stories about Rhodes and the Guns of Navarone is published early next year we would like to send you some copies.<br>
Take care and thank you again for your help. Cheers Gail and Winston (29th Sept) London UK

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for the tour today!!, we will write you a 5 star review as well as Argo restaurant!<br>
Elizabeth P. W. (Sept 24th) www.cozumelme.com US

Nick, Thank you for your services; we all surely appreciated the wonderful tour your operation offered during our travel to your lovely island of Rhodes. Our experience with Dimitris was great; very knowledgeable funny tour guide and experienced. I would highly recommend using your services to any traveler.<br>
Thanks again, JC Gonzalez (Sept 23rd) Madrid, Spain

Nicholas, We enjoyed every minute of out time with Mike! Hope to be back some day, and will defiantly call Rhodes Private Tours!<br>
Thanks again, Jan H. (Sept 18th) Little Rock, Arkansas US

Nicholas, We had a wonderful experience! Thank you very much.<br>
Brenda R. (Sept 16th) Yuma Arizona US

Thank you for everything Nicholas!! All 3 drivers were excellent. I personally had Michael and Dominic and they were great!! Not sure the other drivers name because I was not in his car but my group said he was great too!! Thank you for the flexibility with the one car at the end of the day. We also appreciated the phone call at the end of the day!!!<br>
Thank you for everything!!! Todd B. (Sept 15th) Palmdale, California

Nicholas, Thanks for a fantastic time in RHODES. Will definitely spread the word and let my travel agent know of your company<br>
Best regards, Ian C. (Sept 14th) Chichester, UK

Hi Nicholas, we are not home yet to give you a good write up on Trip Advisor, we loved the tour and Michael was a fantastic guide. So personable we just enjoyed him so much. We will refer you to anyone who is coming to Greece.<br>
Best Wishes, Ilana B (Sept 10th) El Reno, Oklahoma US

Nicholas, We want to thank you for the best service for our private tour. Andrew the driver & guide is a lovely man: professional, intelligent, and patient. He made our trip incredible. We will be more than glad to recommend your company on Tripadvisor when we return. We hope to use your service on our next visit to Rhodes.<br>
With kind regards, David & Avital R. (8th Sept) Israel

Dear Nicholas, We are very glade to have your wonderful tour service, the itinerary and especially the driver Mr. Mike are so nice that we couldn't forget you. By chance we'll introduce you to our friends and will promote you on TripAdvisor.<br>
Best Regards Si-Ming Lin (9th Sept) Taiwan

Nicholas, Thank you so much. We had a wonderful tour and your brother Michael was a fantastic driver and guide. He really knew his stuff!! Glad we chose you to do our tour and will recommend you to others a in the future!<br>
Lindy McKm (Sept 4th)<br>
mll06041965@frontier.com

Hi Mike, Yes we enjoyed our tour of Rhodes with you and would not hesitate to recommend you to others.<br>
Wishing you all the best.<br>
Sincerely<br>
Ken (Sept 4th)<br>
KRJH@telstra.com

Nicholas, Thank you so much for the great tour! I would love to write a review you on TripAdvisor or another site if you have a link that I can use.<br>
Susannah (Sept 2nd)<br>
suherndon@hotmail.com

Nicholas, Thank you for the beautiful memorable day today in Rhodes! It was amazing and we appreciate your great service and hospitality! Have a wonderful week!<br>
Kim and Tam English (Aug 31st)<br>
kwenglish1223@gmail.com

Nicholas, Thank you<br>
We enjoyed our time on Rhodes with Mike, see you in a year or two!<br>
Tom Sakellis (Aug 27th)<br>
tom.sakellis@rogers.com

Hello from Dubai ! We can't thank you enough for making our trip to Rhodes so memorable ! We all thoroughly enjoyed the tours of the island and will recommend your services to friends as well as posting on trip advisor .<br>
I hope the rest of the season goes well for you so you can enjoy the winter .<br>
Warm regards,<br>
Fiona,Alex and Sophie Caslin (Aug 21st)<br>
fcaslin@hotmail.com

Nicholas, Thank you for your message. We truly had a wonderful time on the tour with Michael. He was extremely knowledgeable about all facets of the journey and professional throughout. As well, he accommodated our plans and any changes to the plan. I can and will highly praise your service and would call on your services again as it truly was a pleasure.<br>
All the best to you,<br>
Karim Christopher (Aug 16th)<br>
kibrahim@comcast.net

Dear Nicolas, The time we spent on Rhodes with Dominic was simply perfect thanks to your outstanding service.<br>
We wrote you a review on Trip Advisor.<br>
Regards<br>
Clare and family Baldacchino Aug 14th)<br>
clare.baldacchino@gmail.com

Thank you, The tour was superb - the whole family had a great time. You showed us what a beautiful island Rhodes is.<br>
David and family (Aug 10th)<br>
Gdblu1111@gmail.com

Nicholas, We are happy to recommend you to any friends who visit Rhodes. We really enjoyed our tour.<br>
Alan and Andrea (Aug 9th)<br>
aaarlm@bigpond.com

Hello Nicholas, The pottery has arrived! It was packed very well and all pieces are in great shape. We will enjoy the pottery as another great memory from Rhodes.<br>
Thank you so much for your assistance; we really appreciate it.<br>
You and Manuel made our day in Rhodes most enjoyable!<br>
Good luck-we will definitely recommend your services to anyone we know who travels to Rhodes!<br>
We will return to your beautiful island in the future.<br>
Thanks again,<br>
Diane (Aug 8th)<br>
diane.garyw@gmail.com

Nicholas, We had a great time . Manuel was outstanding. I did post a review on Trip Advisor. I would recommend your company to anyone visiting Rhodes.<br>
Don Trimble (Aug 5th)<br>
drtrimble1@yahoo.com

Thank you Nicholas. We had a wonderful Greek holiday!!<br>
Michele Anthony<br>
ma66@optonline.net

Nicholas, Thank you very much for the service. Alex was excellent!! we had a great time.<br>
Juan Camilo (Aug 3rd)<br>
camilo79@hotmail.com

Hi Nicholas<br>
Thank you for such a fantastic day in Rhodes with Stergos! I have just written a review on trip advisor! Any person would be lucky to spend the day with your company!<br>
Warm wishes<br>
Emma (Aug 1st)<br>
wolfey24@hotmail.com

Nicholas, Thank you for a wonderful day in Rhodes. Mike was a delight and made sure we enjoyed our day. I submitted a 5 star review on trip advisor. Your company certainly deserves it.<br>
Sincerely,<br>
Emma Carr (July 31st)<br>
emwho@aol.com

Hi Nicholas, We had a lovely morning seeing Rhodes and Michael also gave us an insight to the history and problems Rhodes faces today. We thought it was very interesting.<br>
Thank you,<br>
Niki (July 31st)<br>
nikistill@hotmail.com

Dear Nicholas and Sergio, I can say that we all really enjoyed the tour! It was our second day of exploring Rhodes so we had many questions and we got answers to all of them. The flexibility of the private tour is wonderful, we appreciated that Sergio changed the initial plan a little bit because of our wishes. We love your beautiful island and will definitely come back soon, also get another tour from you, because there is clearly more to discover and you make it so easy and fun.<br>
Thank you so much!<br>
Attached is a little picture from our group :)<br>
Andra Roosmets (July 30th)<br>
andraroosmets@gmail.com

Nicholas, Andrew, Dominic and Augustis<br>
We loved you all and was such a great day for all of us. The Restaurant you arranged for us to go to near the port was also Great! I finally tried grilled Octopus and found a new dish I like. Thanks so much for your time and memories that you created for us. We will definitely recommend you to our friends who plan a trip to Greece. I will also put on Trip Advisor a great review. Thanks again for all our conversations about Greece and your great hospitality and patience with us :).<br>
Sincerely Gail (July 28th)<br>
summergirl@pacbell.net

Dear Nicholas, We do indeed have very fond memories from our day on Rhodes. Manuel was a wonderful guide, helpful in all sorts of ways--not least dealing with a delay when my wife and I took the wrong route coming down from the Lindos acropolis! It was a pleasure spending the day with him.<br>
best wishes,<br>
Bob & Holly Wood (July 27th)<br>
wood@scarletmail.rutgers.edu

Nicholas, I have to thank you for the most amazing tour we had with your company. We loved the driver and we loved Demetri. Please let him know that I miss his energy and that one of the best days of my life was with him!! I will be writing a review on trip advisor shortly and I will let the world know how great you are!!<br>
Regards,<br>
kalliopi Athanasoulias (July 23rd)<br>
kalliopi@live.ca

Nicholas, Thanks you for an amazing tour! We really enjoyed our time in Rhodes with you. A beautiful island, and there was so much to see. Thanks again! We will recommend you highly to anyone we know going to Rhodes!<br>
Sincerely, (July 22rd)<br>
Kirk S. Zurosky, Esq.<br>
zurosky@tippenszurosky.com

Hi Nicholas, What is your Trip Advisor site, we want to give you 5 Stars, we LOVED KOSTA!<br>
David Bannister (July 22nd)<br>
205-936-4783 Anytime<br>
Hoover, Al<br>
David Bannister<br>
bannybuc@gmail.com

Dear Nicholas, We had a fantastic time in Rhodes and we really enjoyed our tour with you. We are still enjoying the wine here in Scotland!<br>
We will definitely come back to Rhodes, we loved the food, the wine, the people and the history. Our next trip is to Antalya in Turkey at the end of this month (only a small jump to Rhodes!)<br>
All the best to you and your family and we look forward to coming back to Rhodes in the future.<br>
Greig & Cari (July 20th)<br>
Greig Sivills<br>
greigsivills@hotmail.co.uk

Thank you! Rhodes was extraordinary and it was helpful being introduced to the island.<br>
Thanks again - Jason (July 17th)<br>
schang105@gmail.com

Thank you Nicholas, our tour today with Michael and Stathis was excellent. We had a great time and thoroughly enjoyed Our time in Rhodes.<br>
Regards,<br>
David Whitehead (July 13th)<br>
whitehd4@verizon.net

Dear Nicholas and Sergio, I wanted to write to you to thank you for your excellent services. My son and I had a fantastic half day and were so impressed with Sergio's vast knowledge of the island and its history. We were able to ask any question and the answer was given.<br>
It really was a comfortable and pleasant trip. I will make sure to write an excellent review on Tripadvisor. We wish you all the best.<br>
Kind regards,<br>
Annemarie and Markus. (July 9th)<br>
annemarie.ohms@gmail.com

Nicholas, Thank you for your time and help showing us your island. Your services went above and beyond what we were expecting while visiting Rhodes. Your knowledge of your homeland and your personal help gave us one of our high points of our family vacation. Thank you for your time. And we will be back sometime soon.<br>
The Othmer family. (July 7th)<br>
jagfan192@yahoo.com

Hi Nicholas. We had a great time and your island was beautiful.<br>
Michael and Stamos were great!<br>
Tom Vuong (July 7th)<br>
tvuong@franklinrun.com

HI Nicholas, Just wanted to let you know that my review of your tour has been read by 275 people already!<br>
Please thank our great tour guide!<br>
Kathy Eldon (July 6th)<br>
kathy.eldon@creativevisions.org

Nicholas, We had a fabulous time with Manuel. If you send me a link I'll give you a glowing report on trip advisor.<br>
Kind regards, (July 2nd)<br>
Victoria Reid<br>
victoria@nmwaste.co.nz

Nicholas, Thank you very much. We truly enjoyed our tour. Dominic was amazing. I will try to do a review on trip advisor for you guys and will definitively recommend to any friends that go to Rhodes. Thanks again and give our best to Dominic.<br>
Vicky Castro<br>
vicks_410@hotmail.com

Dear Nicholas, We are back in rainy England following our wonderful holiday in Rhodes. Although our main aim was to have some sunshine and relaxation, we just wanted to thank you very much indeed for the brilliant half day tour you took us on. We thoroughly enjoyed it and particularly liked the fact that you managed to enable us to see so much in such a short time frame. Your local knowledge of the area enabled us to see things that we would otherwise have taken hours to find and we particularly enjoyed your "mini-history" lesson and all of the interesting information you shared with us. We will definitely recommend you to others as being the most enjoyable way to explore the island. Your air conditioned Mercedes was also very much appreciated and offered some respite from the heat! We have some wonderful memories to look back on from all the photos you took of us whilst on the tour -- many thanks again and we hope to see you again in the future.<br>
Best wishes<br>
Maxine Banks (July 1st)<br>
Senior Business Development Executive<br>
Herbert Smith Freehills LLP<br>
Maxine.Banks@hsf.com

Dear Nicholas, Thank you on helping us to discover Rhodes<br>
Your drive was great and teached so many things about Rhodes we could not imagine to learn about. We loved to be drived by him<br>
All success to you<br>
Luiz Alfredo Santoyo<br>
luiz.santoyo@gmail.com

Nick, We had a marvelous time! I will be doing a review on TripAdvisor, but we have only been back home a few days and need some time to catch our breath!<br>
Thanks again! (July 1st)<br>
Rick & Susan Hubbs<br>
susanhubbs@bellsouth.net

We are still traveling in Barcelona now. Will send you a fantastic review. We now place Rhodes on the top of our must visit places for friends. And will recommend your services. You made the day more than special. We have shared your favorite calamari recipe with the cruise head chef.<br>
Hoping for more.<br>
Barbara Baroni (July 1st)<br>
barbarabaroni@mac.com

Nicholas. Thank you for a wonderful tour today. Our guide and driver were wonderful.<br>
Steven Welish (June 30th)<br>
sjwmd@hotmail.com

Nicolas, I greatly appreciate easiness and effectiveness of our communication, you always was prompt to respond to any of my requests.<br>
Oleg and I had admired the beauty of Rhodes and hospitality of its people.<br>
If we are ever to visit Rhodes again, we would go back to that small family bakery for their croissants- they are as good as in Paris:)<br>
Also, next time, instead of the ruins, we would head straight to Rhodes beautiful beaches!<br>
Best regards,<br>
Angelica Kochetova (June 16th)<br>
Business Process Analyst<br>
Zurich North America<br>
angelica.kochetova@zurichna.com

Thank you Manuel. It was a great experience we will never forget. Appreciated the professional maner in which conducted yourself. Really looking forward a return to Rhodes, in the meantime we will recommend our friends to call upon your services should they travel to Rhodes.<br>
Sincerely<br>
Ana & José Diaz (June 16th)<br>
josediaz@bmlshipping.com

Thank you Nicholas and Andrew - we enjoyed our tour very much. Once I get settled I will put good reviews on TripAdvisor<br>
Maureen O'Brien<br>
12600 W. Colfax C400<br>
Lakewood, CO 80215 (June 15th)<br>
crimlaw@ecentral.com

Hello Nicholas, We make a point of largely thanking you for the splendid private tour for Rhodos with Auguste, this private tour in French language was largely appreciated. Auguste was an extraordinary guide with a largely appreciated professionalism. Monsieur Auguste was really very nice with us. We spent a very beautiful moment at the time of our beautiful visit of the island of Rhodes.<br>
Thank you very much,<br>
Jean-Yves Larose,<br>
Quebec (QC) (June 14th)<br>
Canada)<br>
jyno50@videotron.ca

Hi Nicholas, Yes it was a very good tour despite my mother not being very well!<br>
Please pass on my thanks to Michael, who was very kind to her. It didn't make the tour very easy for him but he still gave us his best!!<br>
I would have no hesitation in recommending your services, Michael's knowledge of your beautiful island's history was amazing!<br>
Maire Kealy (June 14th)<br>
mairekealy@gmail.com

Rhodes was the 6th stop on our cruise. We used Rhodes Private Tours. They gave us a 4 ½ hour tour (we actually extended it an additional hour).The tour/driver Dominic never stopped talking about this beautiful island and we were so impressed with all the information he gave us. I heartily recommend this service. We saw so much more than we would have on a bus. I would use them again if I ever get back to Rhodes.<br>
Rick Hoover (June 12th)<br>
Lake Oswego, Oregon<br>
ickhoover1950@cableone.net

Nicholas,thank you! We thoroughly enjoyed our day. Manuel and your company represented Rhodes splendidly. The sights, our meal, the experience, and your customer service were all top notch.<br>
Regards,<br>
Natalie<br>
natalie.abruzzo@gmail.com

Nicholas, Thank you so much. We had a wonderful time and were very impressed by your service and look forward to recommending you to many friends.<br>
All my best,<br>
Fran (June 10th)<br>
franlf19@aol.com

Good evening John, We had an absolute wonderful time and loved seeing your country. Thanks for everything.<br>
Sheila and Mike (June 9th)<br>
kostaresfam@hotmail.com

Thanks Nicholas, we had a great day.<br>
Regards, Dave<br>
David Simons<br>
dave.simons27@gmail.com

Greetings Nicholas, We had a wonderful day in Rhodes. It was such a good time with your brother, Michael. He was an awesome guide and we thoroughly enjoyed his great sense of humor and knowledge of the island My husband's sister and her husband had an equally good time with Augustis, as well. I thank you for the great communication before, and during the tour. We were happy to be able to meet you along the way, at different stops. I will continue to recommend your service to family and friends, as well as giving you an outstanding review on TripAdvisor. Rhodes is a very special place and I hope to return one day. I will definitely let you know, book another tour and stay a little longer! THANK YOU, and your team for a wonderful experience!<br>
Our best to you all,<br>
Mary Long (June 9th)<br>
mlonginak@yahoo.com

Nicholas, We had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed Manuel's hospitality during our 1/2 day trip! He was a kind gentleman, full of knowledge, and made our trip very memorable!<br>
Thank you for making our visit to Rhodes incredible!<br>
Amber & Pace (June 8th)<br>
alparillo@yahoo.com

Nic, We really enjoyed your tour....Manuel did an Excellent job.<br>
Who knows...We may be lucky enough to visit your island and the future and will contact you.<br>
I will highly recommend you to anyone I know visiting Rhodes.....<br>
Take care<br>
Randy (June 7th)<br>
FLAWISCR2@aol.com

Hello Nicholas<br>
We had a great trip with your driver on 2nd June. Matt, Christine and I really enjoyed it. Regards.<br>
Andrew (June 6th)<br>
adg2013@icloud.com

Thank you for everything Nicholas! We had a wonderful time with Michael!!!<br>
Kyra (June 3rd)<br>
kyrakoel@yahoo.com

Nicholas, We want to thank you for providing us with an excellent tour of Rhodes. We throughly enjoyed our tour and for your country beautiful. If we ever return we will certainly contact you and will refer anyone traveling to Greece to you. Our driver Manuel was so helpful and informative. We wish you all the best.<br>
Jeanine Neel (June 1st)<br>
jsntop@aol.com

Dear Nicholas<br>
Lois and I had a very enjoyable day today. Mike is very knowledgeable and very friendly. We couldn't have asked for a better tour!<br>
Rhodes is a very special place and we'll always have the memories to prove it !<br>
Kind regards,<br>
Tim (May 31st)<br>
tim.macdonald1@comcast.net

Nicholas, I have to say Sergio was excellant he made our experiance on your beautiful island memorable. I also have to thank you and your service, I will be more than happy to tell everyone i see and talk to how wonderful the tour was and how your service is 5 star.<br>
Albert (May 30th)<br>
efd362@comcast.net

Nick, the tour was fabulous!!!<br>
Thank you for your expertise and guidance and luxury cars!<br>
Karl (May 18)<br>
wkb4fhc@gmail.com

HI Nick, I have written a review on tripadvisor that should be visible in a couple of days. Thank you for the memorable trip!!.<br>
Best Regards (May 17)<br>
Mandy Doda<br>
Manager<br>
Vacation Promotions International<br>
vpi@tripbargains.com

Dear Nicholas,<br>
Thank you! I had a great time and enjoyed the wine tour very much.<br>
Regards (May 16)<br>
Johanna and Björn<br>
johmrt-3@student.ltu.se

Nicholas, We enjoyed our visit and your drivers were helpful and interesting.<br>
We loved your island.<br>
Thank you (May 15)<br>
Roberta??<br>
roberta@nls.net

Hi Nick, We had a wonderful time. Andrew was great!! I just wrote you a nice review on Trip Advisor. (Ternip)<br>
Thank you for ALL!!!!<br>
Terrilynn Dunford (May 13)<br>
Ternip@aol.com

Dear Nicholas and Sergio, We are very happy to have used your service.<br>
Please let Sergio know that the best picture we have of Lindos bay is the one he took of us ! Nice skill.<br>
Regards,<br>
Gumthon Ratanamangcla<br>
peakup@me.com<br>
Siam Carton Industry Co, Ltd<br>
Siam Cone Industry Co, Ltd

Nicholas, Our tour of Rhodes was fantastic mainly because of our driver Manuel. He was the best guide we had on our entire trip, and we took over 12 shore excursions on our trip. My wife thought Greece was the best country we visited, and we visited nine other countries. I am sure she felt that way primarily because of Manuel. We enjoyed every sight he brought us to. I hope someday we have the opportunity to revisit Greece.<br>
Thanks again for all your efforts.<br>
John and Sharon Hanton (May 8th)<br>
johnhmtn@gmail.com

Nicholas. We thoroughly enjoyed our tour and guide with Dominic. Thank you so much for the ease of making arrangements. He was easy to understand and very enthusiastic about your lovely island.<br>
A great day!<br>
Candy Short (May 7th)<br>
candyshort@yahoo.com

Dear Nicholas, Thank you very much for an outstanding tour of Rhodes. Our driver Manuel was a gracious, charming host. A gentleman of the first order. We learned so much from him on the tour. We had a memorable day with Rhodes Private Tours.<br>
All the best,<br>
Anne (May 7th)<br>
annefab00@gmail.com

Nick thank you! The tour was one of the highlights of our whole trip!. I put in an excellent review on TripAdvisor. You guys earned it!<br>
Ray (May 6th)<br>
hacksoncode@gmail.com

Hello Nicholas. We thoroughly enjoyed our day in Rhodes, it was one of the islands we would definitely return to one day as we did not have enough time there!!!<br>
Giannis was an excellent driver and for sure I will write a raving review on trip Advisor when we get home next week.<br>
Kind regards<br>
Tracy & Colin Benziest (May 2nd)<br>
kahana.girl@hotmail.com

Hi, Nicholas - We just wanted to let you know how much we enjoyed our tour with Manolis. He was a gracious, informative host and was great in every way. We feel like we have a friend in Rhodes now!<br>
Best wishes,<br>
Priscilla Wilson (May 1st)<br>
pwjl@hemc.net

Dear Nick, Thank you so much for a wonderful day. Augustis was the perfect driver.<br>
As soon as I get back home I will review your great service at TripAdvisor. Have a wonderful and prosperous summer.<br>
Thank you<br>
Lusi Avanus (April 24th)<br>
avanus1@bigpond.com

Hi Nicholas, we had a great time in Rhodes. Keep up the good work!<br>
Best<br>
Roger Das (April 21st)<br>
das@rogers.com

Hi Guys,<br>
Just returned back home after a great trip, we had a great tour!!<br>
Cheer<br>
Glenn Oke Australia (April 8th)<br>
okefamily@bigpond.com