---
title: '2020'
position: 3
year: 2020
---

Just a quick message to say a big thank you to Michael for an excellent tour to Rhodes Town and Lindos. We really enjoyed it and my husband loved chatting to Michael about the history of Greece and other matters!!!! We will certainly put an excellent review on trip advisor! <br> Best regards  **Tracey and Family. (30th Oct) U.K.**

Hello! Nicholas, It was a wonderful experience and I shall be writing a fabulous TripAdvisor. So thank you so much, I hope it will help to make your next season even better! <br> **Nicole and Spencer D. (15th Oct) U.K.**

We contacted Nicholas, and were delighted to find that he was happy to arrange some bespoke tours. Our driver, Michael, was very friendly, helpful and flexible and more than happy to modify our itineraries on the day. The car was clean inside and out and Michael proved to be a very able driver with whom we felt very comfortable throughout. We would thoroughly recommend Rhodes Private Tours. <br>**Gerald, S & R (12th Oct) London U.K.**

Hi Nicholas, You and Michael are the best. Rhodes/Rodos was a complete surprise with its beauty and history. We hope one day to return and spend more time. I wish you and Michael continued success with your tour company. It has to be the best in Rhodes.<br>**Lucinda W. (Oct 4th) Statesville**

Dear Nicholas, The tours were great fun. My fiancée and I had a great time. I’m sure to use your services next time we’re in Rhodes.<br>Yours Sincerely, **Gaj N. (19th Sept) U.K.**

Dear Nicholas, Thanks a lot for the lovely tour. Myself and children enjoyed it so much. Please pass my greetings to Michael he was a very good company. Looking forward to touring with you again on my next time I visit Rhodes.<br> Kind Regards, **Deena. (5th Aug) Dubai (AE)**

Dear all, You are a very Professional company! My respect goes to you and the owner. Your company is an example for many other companies. Right now, I won't be traveling but as soon this is over, I will be visiting and will 100% use your company which has shown professionalism on another level. Keep up with this Tremendously Customer Service and stay safe during this difficult time to come. <br> Kind regards, **Samantha Al. (April 8th) Aruba**

Michael was a fountain of information, sensitive to our needs and had a nice sense of humor. We saw gorgeous views of Rhodes. We stopped at a traditional restaurant popular with locals for a delicious lunch of Greek salad and other Greek starter specialties. Very pleased with the tour.<br>
**Gloria B.  (Jan 27th)** **New York US**

Thanks Nicholas, Manuel was great and the tour was truly amazing. We appreciate your help awesome service!  Have an amazing 2020! <br>
Thanks **Christian,  (Jan 12th)** **Mexico**

Thank you to Micheal for his expertise and the knowledge you shared with us. Plus your humor which we greatly appreciated. We wish you all a great New Year.  Kind regards **Gregor and Vicky (Jan 3rd)** **Portugal**
