---
title: '2021'
position: 3
year: 2021
---

Hello Nick, thank you for the great experience of the tour, my family and I enjoyed very much and Manuel was very friendly and knowledgeable of the history of Greece. Please extend our gratitude to him on behalf of the family and myself. I’ll recommend your services to all my friends. Thanks again and be safe. <br>Sincerely, **Daniel L. and Family (Nov 20th) Miami USA**

Hi Nick, We had a fabulous time. Your team are a credit to you. Informative and funny Please pass on our best wishes to them. <br>Kind regards **Ann M. (1st Nov) Cardiff, Wales, UK**

Nicholas: Betty and I would like to thank you for making our trip to Rhodes most memorable. Emmanuel did an excellent job showing us around your beautiful island. He is a great ambassador for your country and your company. Thanks again for making our stay one of the best on our cruise. <br>Best wishes! **Don K. (Oct 24th) Champaign, Illinois, USA**

Dear Nicholas, it was a great day, we have seen a lot of new sites, and a big thanks for Manolis what a great, kind, sweet guide he is. We love him! Thanks for the great tour. You company is worth gold!!!! <br>Thank you, **Natalie, Ed, Tineke, Jan (4th Oct) Netherlands, Zuid-Holland**

Michael was fantastic. He tailored a tour for us. Great clean car. Skilled professional driving. So knowledgeable about Rhodes, without overwhelming us and he answered all our questions. The timings throughout were flexible and we visited the sites we wanted with time to explore on our own. To end a wonderful local restaurant meal and wine tasting with him advising us so we didn’t over order! A wonderful driver! <br>**Elizabeth and Anthony (2nd Oct) UK**

Nicholas thanks for everything! Your services were excellent and I will definitely recommend you in the future! :)  Your island is beautiful and we loved seeing it. <br>Blessings, **Dorothy S. (Oct 1st) USA**

Dear Nicholas, we would like to thank you very much for our custom tour of the sites & wineries. We had an unforgettable day & loved every second. Our tour-driver Michael was perfect. We saw everything we wanted to see & got a way better feel to Rhodes than staying in the resort. Of course, the wineries were amazing & we brought a lot of wine home to enjoy. The meal at the local taverna was also perfect. We can’t thank you enough for the amazing memories we made & the trip may seem a long day to anyone thinking about booking but it went by in a very enjoyable flash. Would advise anyone to add this on your plans for a trip to Rhodes. If you want to really see a place rather than just enjoy the weather & holiday it is a must. <br>Best Wishes **Lisa, Aaron, Lana & Paul (23rd Sept) Bristol, UK**

Hi Nicolas, we enjoyed the tour very much, and appreciated our very knowledgeable guide, Michael. It was a pleasure. Thank you for checking up on us. Kind regards **Berit and Niels (21 Sept) Denmark**

This was one of our more memorable excursions! Nicholas was outstanding in communicating with me prior to our arrival and he was waiting at the cruise dock along with our driver.   We were greeted warmly and put at ease in the times of COVID when our driver mentioned that he was fully vaccinated. We went to Lindos and he knew all the spots for the best views, photos. It was just me and my husband so no worries about crowds and trying to push your way to the best area.   All and all a beautiful and memorable experience. I would not hesitate to book with them, you will be thrilled with the level of service and the price is reasonable considering what high level of service you're getting. <br>Thank you again Nicholas for your outstanding service!!<br>**Sandy S. (Sept 15th) Portsmouth, RI, USA**

Hi Nick, we had a great tour with Manuel. We all loved Rhodes. There wasn't anything we would have changed. I hope to be able to come back with other family in the near future and take a tour again with you.<br>**Diane, Tony, Lindsay and Alex (Sept 1st) Merritt Island, Florida, USA**

Nick, our tour was excellent. Our tour-driver Mike was a great source of information and highlights on our day tour. We saw all the sites we wanted and more. Could not be happier with this tour-service. No hesitation in recommending it to others. <br>**David M. (Sept 1st) USA**

Dear Nick and Mike, Thanks so much for the tour - it was a great way to see the beautiful island in a few hours and gave us a taste of where we want to go next time, we visit Rhodes! Once again thanks and we’ll make sure to recommend you to anyone we know coming to Rhodes! <br>Best, **Margaret M. (24 Aug) Switzerland**

Hi Nick- We had a wonderful time and would not change a thing with Michael. Our experience was fantastic. We love Rhodes! I will let fellow Altour agents be aware of your service. <br>Best - **Diane (Aug 6th) Newport Beach, CA, US**

We went on a month-long trip to Greece and did countless private tours so that we could see what we wanted to and maximize our time. This was by far the best tour we went on and it was largely due to our incredible driver Manolis. An incredible day and the tour itself was very, very affordable even after adding on two hours the day of. Cannot recommend enough!!  <br>**Victoria C. (Aug 3rd) Atlanta, GA, USA**

Hi Nicholas, Thank you for the wonderful tour! Mike provided lots of good information and was a very pleasant person to spend the day with. I will be sure to write a review once I get back home. <br>Thanks again, **Bill W. (July 28th) Columbus, Ohio, USA**

Nickolas thanks for all your great service. Michael was excellent and we really enjoyed our day. We will refer you in the future and hope to use you again one day. <br> All the best, **Karen (July 22nd) Scottsdale, AZ USA**

Fully customised tour with some amazing recommendations and little spots off the beaten track. Stergos, thank you for showing us your Rhodes. You made us feel like a local and part of your extended family. Amazing day. <br>**Jonathan (7th July) London UK**

Aloha from Kauai.  Manuel was EXCELLENT and we really enjoyed the tour.  I have a tour company here on Kauai and do the same thing here - your service was great!!. Thanks so much!!. <br>**Randall L. (July 4th) Hawaiian Islands**

Hallo, hiermit möchten wir uns nochmal für den sehr gut geplanten Ausflug auf Rhodos bedanken. Die Fahrt nach Rhodos- Stadt war sehr informativ und unser Fahrer Stergos hielt an vielen Aussichtpunkten, wo wir sehr schöne Fotos machen könnten. Wir waren an Punkten wo kein Reisebus hin kommt. Desweiteren erzählte er uns sehr viel über die Natur und Besonderheiten von Rhodos.Vielen Dank, <br>**Ralf B. (1st July) Germany**

Nicholas. We enjoyed the tour and the scenery of Rhodes, our driver was informative and interesting. You've got a pretty Island with many interesting sites spots to go to. <br>Thanks again. **Edward W. (June 12th) Tempe Arizona USA**

Hi Nicholas, Our trip in Greece was great thanks, and the day Michael took us on the tour was definitely the highlight. We hope to see you again someday.<br>Regards, **Ronny S. (May 30th) New Jersey**
