---
title: '2023'
position: 0
year: 2023
---

Hi Nickolas, I just wanted to thank you personally for the excellent experience we had during our tour of Rhodes. Teo was an outstanding tour-driver, and really made our day one we will always remember. We look forward to returning in the future, and we will be recommending you to all of our friends in the meantime. Best Regards, **Thane T (Nov 3rd) Lisbon, Portugal**

Nicholas thank you so much!!!  This was the best tour of our 12-day trip!  We had a great time and Michael was fantastic!!!!  Thanks again and I will leave a wonderful review! Best, **Glenda B.(Nov 2nd) Columbia, Maryland, US**


Dear Nicholas, thank you for your service. We enjoyed all the beautiful sights and Elleni’s lectures and Manolis drive. Best Regards, **Rebecca and the PR group Blessings (Oct 25th) Tampa, Florida, US** 

Hi Nick, we had a great day with Andrew so please pass on our utmost thanks to him. What impressed me most was that he took the time to really show us points on the island that were not necessarily on the itinerary but gave us great insight to the island.  We will put a review on to Trip Advisor and we enjoyed our holiday so much that we aim to return next year.  All the very best to you both and a big thank you. Kind regards, **Robert and Sarah W. (24th Oct) Warwickshire UK**

Thank you very much for an outstanding tour of your beautiful island. Emmanuel was an outstanding guide and we really appreciated his deep appreciation and knowledge of the island and locations for a first time visitor. Your service far exceeded our expectations and we are grateful for the time and attention you gave us. We learned so much and will always remember and treasure our time. And thanks to Nicholas for greeting us at the port, introducing us to our guide, Emmanuel, and for the personal follow up toward the end of our tour. We highly recommend your service to others **Leonard R.(OCT 20th )Annapolis, Maryland, USA**

Thank you for the great tour. Stamos was a wonderful guide and very nice. He was very knowledgeable, courteous and made us feel very comfortable. We would highly recommend him.  Thanks again, **Steve and Laura K. (Oct 19th) Louisburg, Kansas, USA**


Hi Nick, the tour was fantastic. I loved the mix of a deep dive and something more unique with the Jewish history while still getting some highlights of Rhodes like a visit to Lindos.  Lunch was fantastic, and we really appreciated Michael’s flexibility as we ran a bit over. He was very knowledgeable and eager to answer questions. I’m so glad I did this over a ship excursion. **Loran Y. (Oct 13) Portland, OR, USA**

Dear Nicholas, Emanuel is professional and knowledgeable. He shared many historical facts with us. We enjoyed the trip very much. We will certainly use your company again the next time we come back and refer your company to our family and friends. **Don T. and Family (Oct 5th) Stanton, CA, USA**

Hello Nicholas!  We just got back home last night after almost a month in Greece! We enjoyed every minute of it. Thank you for all your help. Michael is a wonderful fun person to get around with. We had lots of good conversations and saw the best places. He was all about quality not quantity and took the time to show us everything we wanted to see in that span of time. Your company will be highly recommended. **Thank you. Ida Ο. (Oct 2nd) Rockwall, Texas, USA**

Nicholas, we had a wonderful time and Michael was really great and thank you! We will leave a great review! Regards, **Sandhya K. (Sept 28th) Florida, US**

Dear Nicholas. Thanks for the amazing experience. We loved to visit the island and Emmanuel is an extraordinary guide. Certainly, we’ll be here again, and we’ll recommend both of you. Best regards. **Cynthia and Bia (27th Sept) Sao Paulo, Brazil**

Hi Nicholas, I just wanted to drop you a line to say thanks, and please pass our thanks on to Kostas as well. It was an excellent tour with many highlights: Anthony Quinn Bay, the Acropolis at Lindos and the views from Filerimos stand out for me, but there were other high points as well. Kostas was knowledgeable, friendly, and passionate about his island. I've just submitted a 5-star review on Trip Advisor, I hope it will be published soon. Regards **Rod F. (22nd Sept) UK**

Thank you, Nick. We had an awesome time. Andrew was great! We definitely feel we had a lot more views of the island than the others on our cruise. We have posted your name and number on our travel website again. I hope you get lots of referrals! **Judy V. (Sept 22nd) Jensen Beach, FL, US** 

Thanks Nick - Giannis was a great driver and very knowledgeable. A thoroughly enjoyable day. **William S.  (Sept 17th) Cayman Islands**

Linda and I had a wonderful day with Kostas 😊, he is very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about Rhodes, it’s history and it’s people. Everything worked well and to time. We got to see and do many things we would not have known about just by ourselves. He is very professional and great company. We will return to Rhodes at some time and will also tell our friends and family about our trip with you. We will also write a review for Trip Advisor. We enjoyed our day very much. Thank you and Best wishes **Roger and Linda W.(15th Sept    )UK**

Hi Nicholas. We had a great day!  Thank you very much.  I am happy to leave a review, please let me know where it’s best to post. **Mary Ann and the Group (Sept 13th) Woodruff, Sc, USA**

Hi Nicholas, Our tour was fantastic and Manuel was great tour-driver, lots of knowledge and information about Rhodes. We enjoyed everything in the time we had and hope to come back for longer next time. Kind regards **Joanne B. (9th Sept) Sydney, NSW, Australia**

Mano was absolutely fantastic! We truly enjoyed our tour and appreciated him taking into consideration our wishes and showing us beautiful Rhodes. I have already passed your tour information onto others. Thanks, **Amy M. (Sept 6th)  Indiana US**

Thank you so much for a superb day. We booked with you in the UK before we came out to Rhodes. We are experienced travellers and know what we like and want, though I don’t think we are demanding. We kept in touch via email and it all went like clockwork. On the day, Manuel our driver, was so informative and passionate about the island, being a local, he was able to cater to our need for knowledge, (we didn’t want too much), and he took us to some amazing locations, sites and vistas, a day we won’t ever forget. We sampled local wines and locally made appetizers which were truly delicious. The meal we had at a local restaurant was a feast - quite remarkable, we were both pleased we hadn’t had much breakfast!
Thank you again for such lovely memories, we will be in touch when we return.  7 stars!!!!  **Trevor B. (3rd Sept) South Shields, UK**

Thank you, Nicholas. The family and I had an amazing tour and both Kosta and Mano were brilliant, knowledgeable and humorous and made the tour very interesting. Thank you once again. Next time we are in Rhodes, we will definitely use your services again. Kind regards, **Nick P. (2nd Sept) U.K.**

Dear Nicholas, Thank you so much! We had an amazing day. Our tour-driver Emmanuel was great! We learned so much today from him. He knows a lot about Rhodes island. He is also very kind and approachable. We loved our experience today. We are very grateful. Best regards, **Beatriz A. (Aug 25th) Bastrop, TX, US**

Thank you Nicholas. We thoroughly enjoyed our day. We will definitely provide a review for you, refer you to our friends and connect again should we return to Rhodes. The service was a cut above the rest and we have done many private tours. Giannnis was fun and knowledgeable, the car was clean and comfortable and we certainly felt safe. Thanks again. **Heather & Carolen (19th Aug) Docklands, Victoria, Australia**

Hi Nicholas. Just wanted to Thank You for an amazing time today. Everyone loved our tour guides, the sights, and especially the restaurant. It was a wonderful day. I’ll be sure to give you a great review on Trip Advisor. Thank you so much!!!! **Christina K. (Aug 16th) Sunset, SC USA** 

Nicholas, thank you again. Michael was an excellent guide. He was knowledgeable and personable and gave us very interesting facts about the history of Greece and of the Island itself.  I will recommend you to others going to Rhodes. Enjoy the rest of your touring season and then enjoy your relaxing in the winter. All the best **Dassi and Joey S. (Aug 13) New Milford, US**

Nicholas, many thanks for the wonderful tour, we loved it very much and many thanks to Mike, I will leave review upon our return on TripAdvisor. Kind regards, **Lisa and family (12th Aug) United Kingdom**

Kostas was a wonderful tour guide with an astounding knowledge of history and how it affected the island. He customized our tour beautifully and we were amazed at the beautiful sights we encountered. Thank you so much. Best
**Mike B. (Aug 12th) Alamo, San Antonio, Texas, U.S**

Thank you so much, Nick. We had a wonderful trip with Emmanuel. He was exceptional. Please tell him to contact us if he ever visits San Diego. We would be happy to show him around. We wish you both much luck. We are very sorry to read about the fires in Rhodes, but we are happy to hear, no fires anymore.  **Greg and Mara E. (Aug 7th) San Diego, CA,  USA**

Thank you Nicholas,  We had a fantastic day and really enjoyed having Emmanuel as a driver.  He was great!  We could not have asked for a better day in Rhodes.   I will be sure to recommend your company to a colleague of mine who will be on a cruise to the Greek Islands at the end of August. Thank you again. **Cameron  (July 27th) Ottawa, Ontario, Canada**

Hello Nicholas, I wanted to send you a personal email on behalf of my family regarding our tour.  We had an amazing time at Rhodes thanks to your group.  Rhodes is by far my favorite place we visited and Kostas did an excellent job showing the island off.  Thank you again for such a well-organized tour, delivering on what you advertised and providing our family memories we will cherish for a long time to come.  I will definitely sing your company's praise.  This was the best tour - guide, driver, accommodations and attention to detail that we experienced out of the entire trip.  I will provide a review on trip advisor as well, but wanted to personally thank you.  Best regards,
**Jessica T. and Family (July 20th) Lynchburg, Virginia USA**

Thank you, Nicholas.  We had such a great time in Rhodes.  Kostas was a great tour guide and my family had an amazing experience.  We did cut it a little short because my mother has limited mobility, so it didn't make much sense to make the walk down to the town in the last area.  I forgot the name.  But it did not take away from the beauty of the day.  I am a travel advisor and will definitely share your information with my other Travel Advisor friends.  Your communication is greatly appreciated and made me feel secure in knowing we would be well taken care of.  And to Manuel, the driver...we wish him good luck in his upcoming wedding.  Thank you again to you and your team for a wonderful excursion.  **Maile B. (July 12th ) Peoria, AZ, USA**

Dear Nicholas, Kostas and Christos, Thank you very much for organizing our tour. We all had a lovely time, Kostas was an excellent guide, very knowledgeable and able to adapt his style to suit any question or situation, he kept the children entertained throughout. They loved hearing the stories of the Greek gods. Christos was brilliant at navigating our way around all the twists and turns and looking after us all. Please pass on my sincere thanks to them both. Kind regards **Emma K. (7th July) Leinster, Irland **

Hi Nick.  We really enjoyed our excursion on Rhodes. Emmanual was very friendly and informative and allowed us plenty of time to see everything we wanted to see. Regards **Cheryl P. (1st July) Whangarei, New Zealand**

Thank you, Nicholas. Manuel was an excellent tour-driver.  His knowledge of Rhodes was impressive and enlightening. Although I had requested olive oil and wine tasting ahead of time by the end of our stop at Lindos we had decided we wanted to get back to the ship to do some last-minute shopping in Rhodes. The car that your company provided was very comfortable. Thank you again for an excellent day in Rhodes. **Maureen M. (June 23rd) Mission Viejo, CA, USA**

Nick, we’re home and trying to recover from an incredible vacation. Rhodes was our favorite port stop of all and likely related to our day with Andrew! He was so knowledgeable and personable. He customized the day and stops specially to our interests. We saw ceramics and olive oil. We enjoyed the day so much. Thank you. We would recommend this service to everyone! **Abbey D. & Family (June 16th) Tampa, US**

Nicholas, thank you so much for everything, Michael made our day probably the best of the trip with all of his helpful knowledge and friendliness. We'll be sure to recommend you and Rhodes to all of our friends and family looking to travel in the future!  **Timothy J. (15th June) UK**

Nick, thank you so much.  We very much enjoyed our visit.  Emmanuel had a great sense of humor and spent time getting to know us so we had a wonderful experience.  He was fantastic and we appreciated him so much on our visit.   **Best Tracy & Vicky (June 10h) Pelham, NH USA**

Hi Nicholas, Kostas is a lovely man, he was knowledgeable regarding the sights to see in Rhodes and enthusiastic to share his knowledge. He was very courteous and helpful to all of my party and we all enjoyed spending time with him.  Kostas is an asset to the company, he enabled us to have a memorable day visiting Rhodes.  When we come again to Rhodes, I will contact you and, of course, I will recommend your services to my friends.  Many thanks for a great day in Rhodes. **William C. (9th June)  Liverpool, Merseyside, UK**

Nick, it was our pleasure! We Blessed to have the best on the Island, Anastasia was very thorough in knowledge of history. Driving with Theo could not have been better. Exceeded my expectations. Will forward you to friends.  Stay the Course. **Marty D. and Group (June 2nd) Bedford Texas, US**

Dear Nicholas, thank you for your service, and also for the excellent trip we had with Michael. We wish you well with your business. With kind regards **Mike and Gill P. (1st June) United Kingdom**

Dear Nicholas, Words alone cannot express our gratitude. We all thoroughly enjoyed our day exploring your beautiful island with Kostas and Manolis. Kostas is the best tour guide we’ve ever had on all of our many travels. His knowledge and love for his home brought it alive for us. I also appreciate your communication and attentiveness. Together you all made our experience first class.  Thank you.  **William V. and Group (May 25th) Orange County, California, US**

Hi Nicholas, we had a wonderful experience using your services. Our driver, Kostas, was excellent and we really enjoyed our time with him. He’s a very good representative for your company. Kind regards, **Ruth H. (May 23rd) Canton, Connecticut, US**

Hello, we had a great tour and our guide was so informative and helpful. We saw everything we wanted to and were extremely pleased. Michael was a great guide. **Jim and Maryellen S. (May 10) ST Paul, Minnesota USA**

Hello Nicholas, we had an incredible time and really appreciate everything that you and your team did for us. Our guide was very knowledgeable and we had a lot of fun. **Vishay P, and Group (9th May) United Kingdom**

Nicholas as in before tour and driver were great. It was a pleasure to meet you when we got off the ship. Appreciate the follow up. That’s the only way to “stay on top”. **Mike B. (May 8th) USA**

Nicholas, we enjoyed the tour very much! We love our tour guide Kostas he made the entire journey so enjoyable we had a lot of fun! We love our driver Mano too! Hope he is fit enough now for his wedding!  I will give your information to my friends who are coming early May!  Till my next visit, all the best! **Regards, Shu (May 2nd) Wylie, Texas, USA**

Hello Nicholas, thank you for providing us with such a capable and interesting driver on our day in Rhodes.  Michael was wonderful and we thoroughly enjoyed our tour with him. **Elise (May 2nd) Draper, Utah, USA**


Hi Nick, we really enjoyed the time today exploring Rhodes with your wonderful drivers. The sun even came out so we were able to enjoy the colors of the beautiful waters around Rhodes. We will always have happy memories and some great photos of our time in Rhodes. Thanks again
**Paul V. and Family (26th April) Australia**

Nicholas, we had a great day! John T. was awesome and Rhodes is beautiful. I will write a review on TripAdvisor when we return home. **Colleen C (April 16th) Doylestown, Pennsylvania, US**

Dear Nicholas, we enjoyed the trip very much and learned a lot. Michael is an excellent guide with all the information, please pass on our regards. Thanks again and all the best for you **Bernd B. (14 April) Quickborn, Germany**


Nick, we absolutely loved our time with the driver (please wish him hello for us) and loved Rhodes.  Even our grand-daughter said she wanted to come back when the water was warm because the beaches were gorgeous!  I just left you a great review on Trip Advisor...Cheers. and hope to see you again sometime.  **Joni H. (April 5) the Colony, Texas, US**  

Hi Nicholas, We enjoyed our time in Rhodes and our time touring with Manuel. Everything for our tour worked as described and made for a most pleasurable day exploring your island.  Thanks again for a great day! **Janice (March 22nd) Boston, Massachusetts, USA**

Nicholas, thank you! It was a lovely tour of Rhodes, which we all enjoyed!  Sergio was great. Wishing you the best with the new season. **Nancy and Dr John C. (March 11th) Hollywood, FL, USA**

Thank you very much Nicholas! My family had a very fun time with Manolis and Kostas! Kostas was great! He showed us Rhodes that makes us want to come back and visit for more than just a cruise stop! thank you so much for having a wonderful driver and Kostas to make our short visit very memorable!
Thank you again and will recommend your company to friends who will be visiting Rhodes!  **Lea N. and Family (Jan 30) New York, USA**
