---
title: '2024'
position: 0
year: 2024
---

Hello! I just wanted to leave words of thanks to lovely George for being so helpful and friendly to us on our Lindos excursion. He is very knowledgeable about the Island and speaks of it with pride and happiness! We had the most wonderful tour.  I will recommend your company to everyone!  Until next time.  Kindest regards **Heidi C. (30 Sept) UK**

Hello Nikolas, Thank you for an unforgettable day on your beautiful island of Rhodes!!  Teo was absolutely amazing ❤️❤️❤️ His love and passion for his island was apparent in everything he taught us today.  He did a wonderful job explaining and educating us on all the beautiful sites.  I will add more details on my review in TripAdvisor.  We can’t thank you enough for the perfect tour today.  Sincerely **Lisa & Randy W. (Oct 10th) Kansas, USA**

Our first visit to Rhodes was during a stop on the Celebrity Infinity cruise, and what a pleasant surprise it was! As soon as we disembarked, Nicholas, the owner and manager of Rhodes Private Tours, was there to warmly greet us. The private tour was absolutely incredible. We started at the northern part of the island, where we marveled at the spot where the Mediterranean and Aegean Seas meet. Next, we visited Lindos to take in the stunning views of St. Paul’s Beach and the Acropolis, with plenty of time to explore the local shops. A surprise stop at the breathtaking Kallithea Springs was another highlight. Our guide, Anastasia, was fantastic, sharing so much about the history and culture of Rhodes. A big thanks to our driver, Manuel, and our amazing guide, Anastasia! We highly recommend Rhodes Private Tours—what an amazing day! **Sharon & Greg. Cruise and Travel Advisors (Oct 8th) Peachtree City, GA** 

Hi Nicholas,  We had a fantastic time on our tour with Yannis. He provided us with excellent insights and a deep understanding of the history of Rhodes, both past and present. His warmth and professionalism truly made the experience memorable. We’ll definitely recommend him and your company to any friends visiting Rhodes. Please pass on our thanks to Yannis for making it such a great day! Regards, **Barb and John (Oct 4th) Toronto Canada**

Hi, this is Ruth, William, and Cheryl! We had such a wonderful time on the personal tour with Manuel in the Mercedes. He shared so much insight about the sights, and even made a stop for a break. We also visited a roadside vendor where we got to sample local wines and olive oil. It was a fantastic day! **(Sept 29th) Dallas, TX, USA**

Nicholas, it was a lovely day that we spent with George and we all appreciated the fact that you met us in the morning and called to see how everything was going. It was a perfect experience and I would recommend you to anyone I know coming to Rhodes.  Warmest regards, **Frankie S. and Group (Sept 13) Oceanside, California, US**

Nicholas, Thank you so much!  We had a wonderful time and I'm getting ready to leave a review on Viator!  Michael was an awesome guide and driver. Will definitely recommend your tours to our friends!!  **Tracey N. (Sept 4th) Winchester, Virginia, USA**

It was our pleasure meeting Theo and are very grateful for the expeditious and professional service we received from you and your company. It was a wonderful tour.  Kind regards **Catrin C, Jones and Nazar (3rd Sept) Manama, Bahrain**

Hi Nick, Just wanted to say we had a very enjoyable day on our tour of the island with Kostas, he is a very knowledgeable man and with a deep passion for his island, he answered all our questions and pointed out many landmarks and interesting facts on things we saw that day nothing was too much trouble for him. It truly was one of the best private tours we have been on in our travels and when we return, we will without a doubt use your splendid company again.  Best regards **Susan and Ian C. (22nd Aug) UK**

Hi Nicholas, Yannis was outstanding as was the tour and his knowledge and restaurant recommendations. Just awesome mate and thank You!! We love Rhodos and you guys. **Rob W. (15th Aug ) Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia**

Nicholas thanks for the memories!! We loved your island and had fun with Kostas and Manolis. No weaknesses at all. **Paul M. and Family (14th Aug) North Vancouver, Canada**

Emanuel did an outstanding job guiding us through Greek history and the island of Rhodes. He was incredibly knowledgeable and kind! We will make every effort to return because of your generosity and professionalism. We will give you a 5-star rating and highly recommend your sightseeing service to others. **Tamara R and Family. (Aug 8th)    Indianapolis, USA**

Hi Nicolas, Costa and Mano were terrific.  And we all had a great time.  We will be using you and recommending you to our other family and friends. Se Efxaristo!!, **Gary and Family (Aug 3rd) California USA**

Thank you so much. You run a wonderful business and your customer service is top-notch. We could not have been happier with Michael. He’s so nice, smart, and accommodating. Please send him our thanks for a wonderful and memorable day. It was our favorite tour of our entire trip. I plan to write a review for you on TripAdvisor once I’m back home. Thanks again, **Susan and Frank W. (Aug 2nd) Delaware, USA**

Thank you so much! Chris helped us to make our visit to Rhodes an enjoyable and most memorable one. **Taqiyyah and the Group (July 25th) North Carolina, USA**

Dear Nicholas and team, we very much enjoyed our tour - thank you. Kostas was a wonderful guide with vast amounts of knowledge - we felt lucky to have such a guide. He was both entertaining and responsive to our requests. “Mano” was a good driver who successfully delivered us back to our hotel. We were very happy with the arrangements for the tour and it fully met our expectations.  Once again, thank you. Kind regards, **Mike F. and family (24th July) UK**

Hi Nick, we really enjoyed our tour with Anastasia. She was very knowledgeable, professional, helpful and showed us so many interesting things-above and beyond our expectations. The tour was a highlight of our trip to Greece.  George did a great job navigating our day and was also professional. Also appreciate your responsiveness and professionalism regarding all my questions/emails. Thank you again, **Steven F. (July 18th) Stamford, Connecticut, USA**

Thank you, Nicholas, we had an amazing time. Chris was a wonderful and knowledgeable guide! He gets 10 stars!  Hoping we can return to this beautiful island in the future. **Cheryl (July 15th) IL, USA**

We had an excellent time and made some fond memories. Anastasia was so interesting and absolutely knew her stuff!! And we couldn’t have asked for a better driver. It was fantastic that you greeted us Nick when we first got on the bus and again to call me at the end of the tour. It made me feel like, “ I’m glad I chose Rhodes Private Tours”. Thank you, **Joann & co. (July 13) Danbury / Connecticut / USA**

Nicholas, thank you so much for the tour, we really had such a great day and we really appreciate Michael for all of his knowledge, patience and flexibility. We hope to see you all next time we visit! Best, **Goli S. and Family (July 4th) Rockville, Maryland, USA**

Nick, thank you for all your help! Kostas the tour guide was fantastic and we loved the tour! **Shira G. (3rd July) South Africa**

Nick, we had an outstanding tour.  I especially want to thank you for working with us to develop a custom itinerary.  The tour exceeded our expectations.  Our driver, minibus, and tour guide were exceptional.  I recommend you and your company to anyone visiting Rodos. **Gary H. and Group (June 27th) Ottawa, Ohio. USA**

Hi Nicholas, we thoroughly enjoyed our tour, and are delighted to have experienced more of the island with Michael, who was a pleasure to spend the day with. We really appreciated his insight into the island and he made sure that we had a wonderful time. Thanks again, **Nick + Louise D.   (14 June) UK**

Hi Nick, we really enjoyed are tour! Michael and Manolis are great. They were very engaging and informative, and they both went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable. We saw and learned a lot and never felt rushed.  We are grateful to you and your team for giving us a memorable experience in Rhodes! 
Many thanks, **George J. K. (June 9th) Boca Raton, FL. US** 

Hi Nicholas, we had a lovely day. Our driver Michael was so good and knowledgeable.  We especially enjoyed our lunch and the view and no crowds.  Thank you so much for arranging our tour!  We are so glad we found your company!  **Charlene P. (June 5th) Texas, US**

Good morning Nicholas! We spent a memorable stay in your beautiful island and thanks to you we were able to discover your island in excellent conditions. We really appreciated your kindness and your professionalism. I sent postcards to Emmanouel two weeks ago. I hope he received them well. Greetings from us to him. I wrote a review on Tripadvisor. I'm sure you'll enjoy it !!! We wish you all the best. **Laetitia and Jean-Claude C. (2nd June) France** 

Nicholas, thank you for such a wonderful experience. Alex was fantastic. I have friends coming to Rhodes in October and I am emphatically recommending your company! Thank you, **Pamela B (May 30) Idaho Falls, US**  

Hi Nicholas, we had such a lovely day, I would highly recommend you to all our friends & our travel agent we use. We thoroughly enjoyed Kostas, he was very informative & funny and our driver Mano was also great.  Where we had lunch was great too! Rhodes exceeded our expectations; it was more beautiful than I imagined. You live in a beautiful place xx Thank you again **Sue H.and Group (24 May) Melbourne, AU**

Hi Nick, we had a very good tour of Rhodes. Andrew was great. The day was a success and Rhodes is beautiful. We appreciate how smoothly our day went and want to thank you for your support and follow up. Best wishes, **Pam and Dennis R.(May 17)Surrey, BC, Canada**

Nicholas, Michael was more than wonderful and we sooo enjoyed our 1/2-day (plus) tour of Rhodes!! Thanks, **Fran B. (May 12) Georgia. USA**

Hi Nick, Chas & Nathan really enjoyed their day. They thought that Kostas was a tremendous guide. **Lisa W. (May 10) Chester, PA USA**

Hi Nicholas, we want you to know that we truly enjoyed our tour with Stamos. His knowledge about the island & towns was amazing, & his pride in his home was evident. We love your little piece of paradise here in Rhodes, and appreciate your wonderful company policies, and your flexibility in changing the date & time at such short notice!  **Linda P. (May 4th) AL US**

Nicholas, it was our pleasure. We really enjoyed Stergos's knowledge, tour he made for us and his very warm and welcoming company. We would highly recommend this tour to others.  From me and my sons, thank you so much! **Kelly H (1st May) New Zealand**  

Hi Nicholas, thank you so much for the tour, please extend our thanks to Christos. We had a lovely time and really enjoyed the tour, Christos was brilliant! Thank you again! Kind Regards, **Lauren A. and family (26 April) U.K.**  

Hey Nick, spending time with Manuel felt like being with a long-time friend. It was an incredibly enjoyable, and enlightening day during which we felt like we had known him for years. We experienced the best of Rhodes, lunch was outstanding, it epitomized the essence of the island and the cuisine is superb. **Carla and Robert W. (April 8th) Stratford, Connecticut, US**

Thanks, Nicholas, for such a wonderful day. Both drivers were excellent!! We won't hesitate to recommend your company to any friends planning a trip to Rhodes. Great job! **Amelia and Arthur K. (3rd) April) Essex, England, UK**

Nicholas, we want to express our gratitude for the fantastic experience we had with Michael. His wealth of knowledge and informative insights truly enriched our time exploring this stunning island. One of the highlights was the lunch break at a traditional tavern, where we had authentic local cuisine. We recommend Michael for an unforgettable experience. **Nancy and Jim W. (March 14th) Little Rock, Arkansas, USA**

During our day in Rhodes, we arranged a private tour with Nicholas, and it exceeded all expectations. Nicholas greeted us at the port alongside our driver, Kostas, who proved to be both knowledgeable and amiable throughout the day. Our teenagers, aged 17 and 15, particularly enjoyed Kostas' company, and we wouldn't hesitate to recommend this private tour to fellow travelers. **Amanda and Family (March 11th) Cambridge, Ontario, Canada**