---
title: '2025'
position: 0
year: 2025
---

We had a very special day with Michael.  He was knowledgeable and very informative.  We enjoyed getting to stop at the most beautiful sites in Rhodes.  We appreciated having the time to explore Lindos and Old Town.  Michael was very friendly and flexible and truly kept our safety in mind.  We learned more from Michael than we could have learned from a history book!   Blessings to all at the tour company.  May our paths cross again!!  **Dr John and Cathy B (Oct 23rd) Grand Prairie, Texas, USA**

Nicholas, many thanks to you and Christos! We had a wonderful time and really enjoyed getting out of the city and seeing the island. I will recommend you to friends and family who visit Rhodes. Sincerely, **Julie J. and friends (Oct 10th) Okemos, Michigan, US**

Hello Nickolas, Today was a great day and a nice way to wrap up our vacation.  We truly loved Rhodes and Teo was an excellent guide.  We learned a lot and we are very pleased; it was a great tour and we would highly recommend your company.  Warmly, **Cheryl and Melvin S. (Oct 3rd) Lewes, Delaware, US**

Nick: everything was great. George was prompt, courteous, and knowledgeable. He accommodated our needs due to our mobility issues and still provided an easy and informative excursion. Will recommend your company and will use you again should we ever return to Rhodes. We also appreciate the call during the trip to check in, nice touch! **Rick H. and crew (Sept 27th) Woodbridge, VA, US**

Hello Nicholas, our experience of the tour with George was excellent. He’s a very nice person and has a wealth of knowledge of Rhodes and Greece. The whole experience was exceptional, we’ll not forget, and we will recommend to anyone who asks.  Thanks for the excellent service from the time of booking until the end of the tour!  **Daniella S.(Sept 20) Key Largo, Florida, USA**

Thank you so much Giannis for a wonderful introduction to Rhodes! We had a great time and we thank you for taking such good care of us. We will definitely plan a return trip to Rhodes. We also appreciate you accommodating us with some time at the beach. You have helped to create some new wonderful memories for the 3 of us.
Wishing you all the best. **Linton, Kathy & Simone C. (Sept 19th) Ottawa, Canada**


Thank you for such a wonderful day, everything went exactly as planned. Anastasia was an outstanding tour guide, and Manolis a careful and attentive driver. We truly appreciated your excellent service and will be happy to recommend it. We hope to meet you again in the future. With gratitude, from our family. **Sandra V.(12 Sept ) Stuttgart, Germany** 

Hi Nicholas!  We had a wonderful time visiting Rhodes. I appreciated the open line of communication through the emails. You made the whole process very easy. Kostas was very insightful about the history of Rhodes and was very accommodating with our stops. The time spent was just enough to enjoy and still have some shopping time in the old town before boarding our cruise. I highly recommend Kostas and your company. We hope to visit again.  **Deborah F. & Family (Sept 7th) Butler, NJ, USA**

Thank you so much. We had a great time at Rhodes. Your island is beautiful and full of history to admire. Big thank you to Kostas, it was really lovely meeting him.  We hope to visit again in future. Best wishes to all, **Martina & Klara (3rd Sept) Kent, England**

Nick, it was a delightful experience! Our tour guide Maria provided a wealth of info while our driver Costas kept us safe. **Hao N.(Sept 1st) Mansfield, Texas, USA**

Hi Nicholas, we had a great full day tour and saw all the sights. Giannis (John) provided a wealth of information as we visited the different sites across the island. Thanks! **Debbie M.(Aug 22nd) Delray Beach, Florida, USA**

Thanks Nicholas, the tour with Kostas was fantastic. Our time in Rhodes this time was spent with my Sister and Brother In-Law (both of whom had never been to Rhodes before.) We were conscious that we wanted to show them some of the great sights in Rhodes whilst also seeing some new ones ourselves. And that is exactly what we got. Kostas was amazing. His historical knowledge was second to none and he went into detail but kept it very interesting. He really added a lot to the whole tour.  I can't recommend your tours highly enough and tell everyone about them! Keep well - and hope to see you all soon. Regards, **Keith W. and Family (15th Aug) U.K**

Nicholas, Thanks for taking such good care of my girls.  They really enjoyed the tour.  Hope to have another opportunity to tour with you in the future.  **Chris R.(Aug 10th)  Ellijay, Georgia, USA** 

Thank you so much, Nicholas. It was truly a perfect excursion. From the driver, with his excellent attitude and willingness to help us with everything, taking care of every detail, to Yannis, who explained everything so wonderfully and was so kind that he felt like part of our family. We are truly very grateful, and if we come back, we’ll definitely contact you again and recommend you to our friends. Please send our regards and thanks once again to Yannis and Kostas. **Flor and Family (8th Aug) Spaine**

Nicholas, Cristo was amazing and this is definitely one island we'd love to come back to one day. I know a few people who may be considering Greek Isles cruises in the future. If Rhodes is a stop, I'll recommend your company for sure. I will also leave a very positive review on Viator, once I am back on land. Regards **Jean Francois B.(Aug 4th) Otava, Ontario, Canada**  

Nicholas, we had a great time on the tour! Teo was a great tour-driver! Thank you for the great tour and we will recommend your company for those booking tours in Rhodes! Warm regards, **Teri and Ray S (Aug 3rd) Alburtis, PA, USA**

Thank you Nicholas, and thank you George for doing a great job taking us around the island. Much appreciated! **Linda Z. and Family (July 27th) New York, USA**

Thank you so much for our tour. We really enjoyed ourselves and Kostas was an excellent guide fountain of knowledge. We would definitely recommend to our friends.  Thanks again
**Claudia B.and family (18 July) Glasgow, Scotland**

Nicholas, we thank you too! I was about to send you a note. All the adults enjoyed the tour very much. In a few days we will find out how much the kids took in (learned). I was happy that they were at least exposed to the history of Rhodes and their culture.  Kostas is a great tour guide and very knowledgeable. He was also great with the children. We will want him again to be our tour guide next time we come to Rhodes. Thanks again, **Popi Fine and Family (July 12th) Boston, Massachusetts, USA**

On behalf of all of us Thank you Nicholas, we very much enjoyed the tour and Christos was great. He was very pleasant and informative. Rhodes is a beautiful island, much nicer than Crete or Santorini. Arrivederci, **John and Group (July 9th) Montreal, Quebec, Canada**

Nicholas thank you for this awesome tour! Anastasia was a fantastic guide, and I highly recommend her. She is very knowledgeable and interesting, and she taught me so much about Rhodes history, culture, and philosophy! She was welcoming to my questions and consistently kept my interest with her responses and commentary on each location we visited, as well as some that I’ll see in upcoming days! She also speaks outstanding English and taught me some new words in Greek and gave me info on Greek ideas that I was curious about. 
Giorgios was an excellent driver, and I felt well taken care of throughout the tour. He drove safely and confidently down narrow and tough streets … and was kind enough to offer cold water on a very hot day!  Thank you! **Best, Meredith K.(July 3rd)  Millbrae, California, USA**

We had a wonderful day in Rhodes! Kostas was so knowledgeable about this beautiful island. The stops he shared with us will hold special memories. Thank you for this lovely day! **Alexander H.(June 27th) Jackson,Michigan,USA**

Hi Nicholas, we had a great time!! Thank you for sharing your beautiful island with us! **Kim B. and Family (June 25th) Naperville,IL,USA**

Dear Nicholas, thank you for making our visit to your beautiful island so special and memorable. Please send many thanks to Anastasia, who was nothing short of fantastic and to lovely George.  You have a team to be proud of. We shall be back.  Best regards **Sharon K.(19th June) London. UK**

Thank you, Nicholas, we had a great time with Kostas.  Will leave you a review on Viator, when I get home.  All the best. **Keri S. and Family (June 17th) New Ohio, USA**

Nicholas, thank you so much. We enjoyed our tour visiting your beautiful Island and enjoyed our time with Teo. Best regards to all of you! **Aldo and Domenica M. (June 14th) Canada**

My family and I can’t thank you enough, especially George, for the wonderful tour we had. Every one of us loved it, and George took great care of all our needs. We’ll definitely try to come back to this beautiful island! Thanks again, we’ll stay in touch and will definitely recommend you.  **Ximena C. and Family (June 11th) Santiago, Las Condes, Chile**

Nicholas thank you! We had a lovely trip. I would like to do the tour in the future if we return with our other side of the family. We wanted to leave good reviews about the tour. Just to confirm, our driver today was George? The driver was extremely knowledgeable and friendly and did a wonderful job. We couldn’t have been happier. Thanks, **Jen & Brett (June 5th) Charleston,SC,US**

Dear Nicholas and Giannis, Thank you so much for your thoughtful message! It was truly a pleasure touring with you. I deeply appreciated the warm hospitality, local insights, and the seamless experience you provided throughout our visit to Rhodes.  Giannis was not only an excellent driver but also a fantastic guide who brought the island to life with every story and suggestion. We’ve returned with beautiful memories, from the medieval charm of the Acropolis to the stunning coastline, and we’re already thinking about our next visit!  Please extend my gratitude to everyone on your team. I’ll be sure to recommend your services to any friends or colleagues heading your way. Wishing you continued success, and I hope our paths cross again soon. Warm regards, **Chiu (June 2nd) Taiwan**

Hi Nick, thank you. We enjoyed the tour - Cristos was an excellent guide and driver! **Manny K. (May 22nd) San Francisco, California, US**

Thank you so much for a fantastic tour. Michael was brilliant from beginning to end. He was on time, very knowledgeable and even got to know our likes and preferences just be listening. It was an amazing day and we enjoyed it immensely. Thank you and best wishes to Michael, **Kind regards John (17th May) UK**

Hi Nicholas. We had a great day and Michael was the perfect guide for our group. The next time we come back to Rhodes, we will definitely get with you for another tour. Thanks for making our day so comfortable. And the restaurant we ate at for lunch was the best meal we’ve had all trip!! **Paul S. (May 8th) Jacksonville Florida US**

Nick, thank you very much. Emmanuel was an excellent tour guide. There was no question he couldn’t answer and he gave us so much more than answers. I will definitely write a glowing recommendation on Viator! **Kathleen and Gail E (    May 2nd) Massachusetts, USA**

Dear Nicholas, I truly appreciate you taking the time to reach out personally to my clients and thank them for choosing your tour. Your thoughtfulness and professionalism mean a great deal and do not go unnoticed. **Maureen R. Dream Vacations (April 23rd) Arizona, USA**

Nicholas, the time spent with Cristo on this great opportunity to see Rhodes was wonderful! We have all decided we are adopting him and I’m busy finding him a wife here in Hawaii!!.  Please give him our best. Thank you also for greeting us at the port and your great communication.  We will be writing glowing reviews….Aloha. **Kiki K.(April 6th) Hawaii** 

Nick, we really enjoyed our tour with Anastasia. She was very friendly, and had so much knowledge of the area and its history!  Will definitely recommend her to my friends who plan to visit Rhodes soon.  Thank you!  **Theresa S.H.(5th April) London, UK** 

Dear Nicholas, thank you so much for a great day on your beautiful island! George was a wonderful guide! He gave us a great guided tour, taught us so much about Rhodes and the areas we visited, was so accommodating to our questions and requests. He is a gem of a guide. And special thanks to you for staying in touch and helping me plan our tour with you! Warmest regards and we will definitely reach out to you when we are able to come back!  **Nancy and Steve A.(April 4th) Seattle,WA,USA**

Hi Nicholas, Thank you for a great day in Rhodes! Your prompt and helpful responses to my questions, as well as your flexibility with our requested changes, were truly appreciated. Michael was absolutely fantastic, his conversations with us about the island’s natural beauty, rich history, and just the right touch of current Greek life were captivating. I’ll be posting this on TripAdvisor to help other travelers discover your company. Best regards **Kristin W. and Family.(March 12th) Charleston, SC, USA**  

Nicholas thank you. We had a fantastic day with Yannis and truly enjoyed every moment of our tour. Everything was wonderful, and we appreciate the warm hospitality. We hope to return again in the future for another amazing experience! Take care and best wishes. **Abbey C.and Family 😊(Feb 22nd) Denver, CO, USA**

Thank you so much Nick, we truly enjoyed our tour of Rhodes, and we were pleased with our driver Michael. He was friendly and knowledgeable and gave us a great experience of the island. We look forward to visiting Rhodes again when possible. Cheers, **Brenda O. (Jan 20th) Ontario, Canada**