---
title: '2026'
position: 0
year: 2026
---

Our day in Rhodes was truly unforgettable, and George was a big part of what made it one of the most memorable stops on our Mediterranean cruise. Thank you, George, for sharing the beauty of Rhodes with us and for making our visit so enjoyable and special. **Rennard D. (July 17th) Ontario, California, USA** 

Nicholas, we had a wonderful time! Niccolo and Manuel were absolutely outstanding. Niccolo made the tour fun and engaging while providing exceptional guiding services, and Manuel’s careful driving and ability to park close to each site saved us a great deal of time.  This was the best tour we experienced during our cruise. Thank you! **April Q. and Friends (July 9th) Richlands, Virginia, USA** 

Thank you, Nicholas! Yesterday was marvelous, what is the best way to leave the positive feedback/review for all of you? Maria was especially wonderful. We could not have asked for a more caring or thoughtful guide. It was especially fun to discover that she was an exchange student in Kent the town we are from! **B J C. and Family (July 3rd) Kent, Washington, USA**

As a travel advisor, I only trust Nicolas and his team when it comes to my clients visiting Rhodes. Their professionalism, reliability, and attention to detail are truly outstanding. I also had the opportunity to experience their services personally during my own trip to Rhodes, and it exceeded all my expectations. My driver, Michael, was exceptional. His deep knowledge of the island’s history made the experience even more enriching, and he perfectly adapted the itinerary to match my personal interests. Thanks to him, I was able to discover some of the most beautiful beaches and even purchase authentic local honey directly from the Honey Museum, such a unique and memorable experience! It was truly a day to remember.   If you’re looking for the best tour experience in Rhodes, Nicolas and his team are simply the right choice.  Thank you for being such a trusted partner! **Suzanne Abid VOYAGE CLUB EVASION (June 25th) Quebec, Canada**

A great experience often starts with a positive first impression, and meeting Nicholas, the owner, was exactly that. He personally greeted us at the port, and took the time to ensure our day got off to the best possible start. After introducing us to George, our adventure began. George was an exceptional guide very friendly and knowledgeable. His passion for Rhodes was evident throughout the tour as he shared fascinating insights, guided us to the best locations, and kept us informed every step of the way. He went above and beyond to make sure our visit was both enjoyable and unforgettable.  **Betty G. and Family (June 21st) Baton Rouge, Louisiana, US**

Nicholas, the whole day was amazing. Gianis was excellent.  Very knowledgeable and courteous.  Always asking if we were good. I appreciated being asked what we wanted to do, if we wanted to stay someplace longer etc… the stops we made, the timing was perfect.  The lunch was delicious. The staff great and a quaint beautiful place to enjoy a meal. Thank you **Crystal R. (June 11th) Peoria, IL, USA**

Hello Nicholas, Thank you to both you and Michael for such a wonderful day. We greatly enjoyed our tour and hope to come back to visit Rhodes in the future. Warmest wishes, **Ben S. and Family (June 9th) Salt Lake City, Utah, US**

Hello Nicholas, just a quick follow up and thanks.  Feedback from Barbara F. on yesterday’s tour: << Good morning, Tim, our guide Roman was FANTASTIC!  We loved him; perfect tour all the way around, they were right there with a sign, great driver... wonderful!! Thank you!!! >> Cheers, **Tim (June 6th) Dallas Texas US** 

Dear Nicholas, Kostas, and George: Ian and I can’t thank you enough for our day tour. My parents enjoyed it so much, and so did we. We appreciated George’s wonderful driving (and his kindness in keeping my parents company at the coffee shop in Lindos). Kostas has an amazing way of bringing history and knowledge to life, and we all really enjoyed learning from him. Climbing the Acropolis at Lindos and meeting Giannis at his pottery shop were some of our favorite memories.  Most of all, we appreciated getting to know Kostas and George at lunch and having such an amazing and authentic meal. I will remember that food forever!  Thank you for making Rhodes somewhere we would want to visit over and over again.  Good health and best wishes to you all. **Neha A. On behalf of our family, Ian A. Manjari P. and Navin P. (May 14th) Washington, DC, US**

Our tour guide George was friendly and knowledgeable, sharing lots of interesting information about the beautiful islands of Rhodes and Lindos. We decided not to walk up to the Acropolis, but we still had an amazing time.  We were able to stop along the way to enjoy the breathtaking views and take so many beautiful photos. The Mercedes van for the four of us was spotless and very comfortable. Overall, everyone had a wonderful and memorable experience! **Jennifer C. and Family (May 8th) Oakland, California, US**

Excellent tour! Nicholas, our guide Manuel shared so much interesting information with us throughout the day. His passion for the history and culture of Rhodes really made the experience special.  We truly enjoyed seeing all the beautiful highlights while learning so much along the way. We highly recommend this tour to anyone wanting to explore Rhodes and discover its history, beauty, and local charm! **Barbara S. and Friends (May 5th) Seattle, Washington, US**

Nicholas, thank you for such a fun and memorable day! Our driver Giannis was friendly and his guidance made the tour even more enjoyable. We really appreciated traveling in a private vehicle instead of a crowded bus tour, as it gave us a much more relaxed and personal experience.  It was wonderful getting local insights and interesting information along the way. Everything was comfortable, well organized, and truly enjoyable from start to finish! **Daniel W. (May 3rd) Los Angeles, California, US**

Nicholas, thank you for a great tour, we couldn’t have asked for a better experience. From the incredible sights and perfectly paced schedule to the private luxury mini-bus and the fantastic traditional Rhodes lunch, everything was exceptional. Most of all, Kostas and Manuel made the day truly special.  We had such an amazing time and are so grateful for everything you arranged. The experience left us wanting to come back to Rhodes for a longer stay someday, we really hope we can make that happen. Thank you again for all your help and for such a memorable tour. **Eliana M. (April 24th) Austin, TX, US**

Hello! We just returned from our trip and wanted to thank you for such a fantastic tour of Rhodes. Michael was truly outstanding and made our visit incredibly memorable. His deep knowledge of the island, along with his great sense of humor and warm personality, made him a perfect guide.   We’ll always remember the amazing lunch we enjoyed at that special taverna, it was definitely the highlight of our trip. Please pass along our thanks to Michael once again for his excellent service!  **Jessica L. and Family (April 10th) Batesville, Arkansas, US**

Hi Nicholas, my wife and I would like to sincerely thank you for the fantastic tour we experienced with Yannis. The professionalism of your service and the thorough way you introduced us to Rhodes were truly outstanding. Yannis was incredibly knowledgeable and made us feel completely at ease, giving us the flexibility to tailor the tour to exactly what we wanted to see. Thank you again!  **Brad and Heather W. (March 19th) Franklinton, North Carolina, US**

Hello Nick, your guide and driver are excellent! We all had a great time! The lady guide and driver are so attentive, helpful and knowledgeable in all aspects!  Thanks again! **Grace M. and Family (March 7th) Gladwell, New Jersey USA**

Dear Nicholas, Thank you very much for the tour. Kostas and Cristo both did an excellent job. We'll certainly recommend your company to others. Thanks again.  Best regards, **Robert A (Feb 22nd) Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA**

We just finished our private tour “Best of Rhodes and Lindos Tour” with Michael as our guide.  Michael made our tour so much fun and his knowledge of this area was astounding.  If you are in Rhodes please give this company a call.  I picked it because of all the past reviews and they were on point.  Thank you for working with us planning our trip. 5 Stars!!!! **Margaret,(Feb 6th) Rome, Georgia USA**